# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-06-06
### Recognition of Indian Sign Language in Live Video
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.1301v1
- **DOI**: 10.5120/12174-7306
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.1301v1)
- **Published**: 2013-06-06 05:40:06+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-06 05:40:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Joyeeta Singha, Karen Das
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 5 figures
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Applications 70(19):17-22, May
  2013
- **Summary**: Sign Language Recognition has emerged as one of the important area of research in Computer Vision. The difficulty faced by the researchers is that the instances of signs vary with both motion and appearance. Thus, in this paper a novel approach for recognizing various alphabets of Indian Sign Language is proposed where continuous video sequences of the signs have been considered. The proposed system comprises of three stages: Preprocessing stage, Feature Extraction and Classification. Preprocessing stage includes skin filtering, histogram matching. Eigen values and Eigen Vectors were considered for feature extraction stage and finally Eigen value weighted Euclidean distance is used to recognize the sign. It deals with bare hands, thus allowing the user to interact with the system in natural way. We have considered 24 different alphabets in the video sequences and attained a success rate of 96.25%.



### Geometric operations implemented by conformal geometric algebra neural nodes
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.1358v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.NE, math.RA
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.1358v1)
- **Published**: 2013-06-06 09:48:49+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-06 09:48:49+00:00
- **Authors**: Eckhard Hitzer
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 2 tables, 10 figures
- **Journal**: Proc. SICE Symposium on Systems and Information 2008, 26-28 Nov.
  2008, Himeji, Japan, pp. 357-362 (2008)
- **Summary**: Geometric algebra is an optimal frame work for calculating with vectors. The geometric algebra of a space includes elements that represent all the its subspaces (lines, planes, volumes, ...). Conformal geometric algebra expands this approach to elementary representations of arbitrary points, point pairs, lines, circles, planes and spheres. Apart from including curved objects, conformal geometric algebra has an elegant unified quaternion like representation for all proper and improper Euclidean transformations, including reflections at spheres, general screw transformations and scaling. Expanding the concepts of real and complex neurons we arrive at the new powerful concept of conformal geometric algebra neurons. These neurons can easily take the above mentioned geometric objects or sets of these objects as inputs and apply a wide range of geometric transformations via the geometric algebra valued weights.



### PyHST2: an hybrid distributed code for high speed tomographic reconstruction with iterative reconstruction and a priori knowledge capabilities
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.1392v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.nimb.2013.09.030
- **Categories**: **math.NA**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.1392v1)
- **Published**: 2013-06-06 12:29:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-06 12:29:57+00:00
- **Authors**: Alessandro Mirone, Emmanuelle Gouillart, Emmanuel Brun, Paul Tafforeau, Jerome Kieffer
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present the PyHST2 code which is in service at ESRF for phase-contrast and absorption tomography. This code has been engineered to sustain the high data flow typical of the third generation synchrotron facilities (10 terabytes per experiment) by adopting a distributed and pipelined architecture. The code implements, beside a default filtered backprojection reconstruction, iterative reconstruction techniques with a-priori knowledge. These latter are used to improve the reconstruction quality or in order to reduce the required data volume and reach a given quality goal. The implemented a-priori knowledge techniques are based on the total variation penalisation and a new recently found convex functional which is based on overlapping patches.   We give details of the different methods and their implementations while the code is distributed under free license.   We provide methods for estimating, in the absence of ground-truth data, the optimal parameters values for a-priori techniques.



### K-Algorithm A Modified Technique for Noise Removal in Handwritten Documents
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.1462v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijist.2013.3301
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.1462v1)
- **Published**: 2013-06-06 16:30:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-06 16:30:57+00:00
- **Authors**: Kanika Bansal, Rajiv Kumar
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: International Journal of Information Sciences and Techniques, May
  2013, Volume 3, Number 3
- **Summary**: OCR has been an active research area since last few decades. OCR performs the recognition of the text in the scanned document image and converts it into editable form. The OCR process can have several stages like pre-processing, segmentation, recognition and post processing. The pre-processing stage is a crucial stage for the success of OCR, which mainly deals with noise removal. In the present paper, a modified technique for noise removal named as K-Algorithm has been proposed, which has two stages as filtering and binarization. The proposed technique shows improvised results in comparison to median filtering technique.



