# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-06-11
### Hand Gesture Recognition Based on Karhunen-Loeve Transform
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.2599v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.2599v1)
- **Published**: 2013-06-11 18:03:06+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-11 18:03:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Joyeeta Singha, Karen Das
- **Comment**: 7 pages,9 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we have proposed a system based on K-L Transform to recognize different hand gestures. The system consists of five steps: skin filtering, palm cropping, edge detection, feature extraction, and classification. Firstly the hand is detected using skin filtering and palm cropping was performed to extract out only the palm portion of the hand. The extracted image was then processed using the Canny Edge Detection technique to extract the outline images of palm. After palm extraction, the features of hand were extracted using K-L Transform technique and finally the input gesture was recognized using proper classifier. In our system, we have tested for 10 different hand gestures, and recognizing rate obtained was 96%. Hence we propose an easy approach to recognize different hand gestures.



### Stopping Criterion for the Mean Shift Iterative Algorithm
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.2624v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.RA
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.2624v1)
- **Published**: 2013-06-11 19:41:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-11 19:41:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Yasel Garcés Suárez, Esley Torres, Osvaldo Pereira, Claudia Pérez, Roberto Rogríguez
- **Comment**: Have 8 pages. Is the first version of the more general paper
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Image segmentation is a critical step in computer vision tasks constituting an essential issue for pattern recognition and visual interpretation. In this paper, we propose a new stopping criterion for the mean shift iterative algorithm by using images defined in Zn ring, with the goal of reaching a better segmentation. We carried out also a study on the weak and strong of equivalence classes between two images. An analysis on the convergence with this new stopping criterion is carried out too.



