# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-06-09
### Comparing Edge Detection Methods based on Stochastic Entropies and Distances for PolSAR Imagery
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.2003v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **math.ST**, cs.CV, eess.IV, stat.TH
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.2003v1)
- **Published**: 2013-06-09 10:40:20+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-09 10:40:20+00:00
- **Authors**: Abraão D. C. Nascimento, Michelle M. Horta, Alejandro C. Frery, Renato J. Cintra
- **Comment**: 12 pages, 14 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Polarimetric synthetic aperture radar (PolSAR) has achieved a prominent position as a remote imaging method. However, PolSAR images are contaminated by speckle noise due to the coherent illumination employed during the data acquisition. This noise provides a granular aspect to the image, making its processing and analysis (such as in edge detection) hard tasks. This paper discusses seven methods for edge detection in multilook PolSAR images. In all methods, the basic idea consists in detecting transition points in the finest possible strip of data which spans two regions. The edge is contoured using the transitions points and a B-spline curve. Four stochastic distances, two differences of entropies, and the maximum likelihood criterion were used under the scaled complex Wishart distribution; the first six stem from the h-phi class of measures. The performance of the discussed detection methods was quantified and analyzed by the computational time and probability of correct edge detection, with respect to the number of looks, the backscatter matrix as a whole, the SPAN, the covariance an the spatial resolution. The detection procedures were applied to three real PolSAR images. Results provide evidence that the methods based on the Bhattacharyya distance and the difference of Shannon entropies outperform the other techniques.



