# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-06-22
### New Approach of Estimating PSNR-B For De-blocked Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.5293v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.5293v1)
- **Published**: 2013-06-22 06:12:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-22 06:12:26+00:00
- **Authors**: S. Aruna Mastani, K. Shilpa
- **Comment**: 7 pages, 9 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Measurement of image quality is very crucial to many image processing applications. Quality metrics are used to measure the quality of improvement in the images after they are processed and compared with the original images. Compression is one of the applications where it is required to monitor the quality of decompressed or decoded image. JPEG compression is the lossy compression which is most prevalent technique for image codecs. But it suffers from blocking artifacts. Various deblocking filters are used to reduce blocking artifacts. The efficiency of deblocking filters which improves visual signals degraded by blocking artifacts from compression will also be studied. Objective quality metrics like PSNR, SSIM, and PSNRB for analyzing the quality of deblocked images will be studied. We introduce a new approach of PSNR-B for analyzing quality of deblocked images. Simulation results show that new approach of PSNR-B called modified PSNR-B. it gives even better results compared to existing well known blockiness specific indices



### Cognitive Interpretation of Everyday Activities: Toward Perceptual Narrative Based Visuo-Spatial Scene Interpretation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.5308v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.AI**, cs.CV, cs.HC, cs.RO, I.2; I.2.0; I.2.4; I.2.10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.5308v1)
- **Published**: 2013-06-22 10:37:34+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-22 10:37:34+00:00
- **Authors**: Mehul Bhatt, Jakob Suchan, Carl Schultz
- **Comment**: To appear at: Computational Models of Narrative (CMN) 2013., a
  satellite event of CogSci 2013: The 35th meeting of the Cognitive Science
  Society
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We position a narrative-centred computational model for high-level knowledge representation and reasoning in the context of a range of assistive technologies concerned with "visuo-spatial perception and cognition" tasks. Our proposed narrative model encompasses aspects such as \emph{space, events, actions, change, and interaction} from the viewpoint of commonsense reasoning and learning in large-scale cognitive systems. The broad focus of this paper is on the domain of "human-activity interpretation" in smart environments, ambient intelligence etc. In the backdrop of a "smart meeting cinematography" domain, we position the proposed narrative model, preliminary work on perceptual narrativisation, and the immediate outlook on constructing general-purpose open-source tools for perceptual narrativisation.   ACM Classification: I.2 Artificial Intelligence: I.2.0 General -- Cognitive Simulation, I.2.4 Knowledge Representation Formalisms and Methods, I.2.10 Vision and Scene Understanding: Architecture and control structures, Motion, Perceptual reasoning, Shape, Video analysis   General keywords: cognitive systems; human-computer interaction; spatial cognition and computation; commonsense reasoning; spatial and temporal reasoning; assistive technologies



