# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-06-19
### Finite Element Based Tracking of Deforming Surfaces
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.4478v3
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.gmod.2014.10.002
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.GR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.4478v3)
- **Published**: 2013-06-19 10:25:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-10-28 18:40:01+00:00
- **Authors**: Stefanie Wuhrer, Jochen Lang, Motahareh Tekieh, Chang Shu
- **Comment**: additional experiments
- **Journal**: Graphical Models, 77(1), pp. 1-17, 2015
- **Summary**: We present an approach to robustly track the geometry of an object that deforms over time from a set of input point clouds captured from a single viewpoint. The deformations we consider are caused by applying forces to known locations on the object's surface. Our method combines the use of prior information on the geometry of the object modeled by a smooth template and the use of a linear finite element method to predict the deformation. This allows the accurate reconstruction of both the observed and the unobserved sides of the object. We present tracking results for noisy low-quality point clouds acquired by either a stereo camera or a depth camera, and simulations with point clouds corrupted by different error terms. We show that our method is also applicable to large non-linear deformations.



### Time Efficient Approach To Offline Hand Written Character Recognition Using Associative Memory Net
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.4592v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.NE**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.4592v1)
- **Published**: 2013-06-19 16:01:29+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-19 16:01:29+00:00
- **Authors**: Tirtharaj Dash
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computing and Business Research (IJCBR)
  ISSN (Online) : 2229-6166; Volume 3, Issue 3; September 2012
- **Summary**: In this paper, an efficient Offline Hand Written Character Recognition algorithm is proposed based on Associative Memory Net (AMN). The AMN used in this work is basically auto associative. The implementation is carried out completely in 'C' language. To make the system perform to its best with minimal computation time, a Parallel algorithm is also developed using an API package OpenMP. Characters are mainly English alphabets (Small (26), Capital (26)) collected from system (52) and from different persons (52). The characters collected from system are used to train the AMN and characters collected from different persons are used for testing the recognition ability of the net. The detailed analysis showed that the network recognizes the hand written characters with recognition rate of 72.20% in average case. However, in best case, it recognizes the collected hand written characters with 88.5%. The developed network consumes 3.57 sec (average) in Serial implementation and 1.16 sec (average) in Parallel implementation using OpenMP.



### Non-Correlated Character Recognition using Artificial Neural Network
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.4629v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.NE**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.4629v1)
- **Published**: 2013-06-19 17:57:00+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-19 17:57:00+00:00
- **Authors**: Tirtharaj Dash, Tanistha Nayak
- **Comment**: appeared in: proceedings of National Conference on Dynamics and
  Prospects of Data Mining: Theory and Practices (DPDM)-2012; September 30,
  2012, India; Publisher: OITS-BLS, Balasore Chapter; Proceeding ISBN:
  987-93-81361-31-6, pp. 79-83
- **Journal**: proc. National Conference on Dynamics and Prospects of Data
  Mining: Theory and Practices (DPDM)-2012; September 30, 2012, India; ISBN:
  987-93-81361-31-6, pp. 79-83
- **Summary**: This paper investigates a method of Handwritten English Character Recognition using Artificial Neural Network (ANN). This work has been done in offline Environment for non correlated characters, which do not possess any linear relationships among them. We test that whether the particular tested character belongs to a cluster or not. The implementation is carried out in Matlab environment and successfully tested. Fifty-two sets of English alphabets are used to train the ANN and test the network. The algorithms are tested with 26 capital letters and 26 small letters. The testing result showed that the proposed ANN based algorithm showed a maximum recognition rate of 85%.



