# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-06-08
### Speckle Reduction with Adaptive Stack Filters
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.1894v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.1894v1)
- **Published**: 2013-06-08 08:21:06+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-08 08:21:06+00:00
- **Authors**: María Elena Buemi, Alejandro C. Frery, Heitor S. Ramos
- **Comment**: Accepted for publication on Pattern Recognition Letters. arXiv admin
  note: substantial text overlap with arXiv:1207.4308
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Stack filters are a special case of non-linear filters. They have a good performance for filtering images with different types of noise while preserving edges and details. A stack filter decomposes an input image into stacks of binary images according to a set of thresholds. Each binary image is then filtered by a Boolean function, which characterizes the filter. Adaptive stack filters can be computed by training using a prototype (ideal) image and its corrupted version, leading to optimized filters with respect to a loss function. In this work we propose the use of training with selected samples for the estimation of the optimal Boolean function. We study the performance of adaptive stack filters when they are applied to speckled imagery, in particular to Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) images. This is done by evaluating the quality of the filtered images through the use of suitable image quality indexes and by measuring the classification accuracy of the resulting images. We used SAR images as input, since they are affected by speckle noise that makes classification a difficult task.



### Emotional Expression Classification using Time-Series Kernels
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1306.1913v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/CVPRW.2013.131
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML, 37M10, 46E22, 68U10, 65D19, 62H30, 68T10, G.3; I.2.10; I.4; I.5.4
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.1913v1)
- **Published**: 2013-06-08 12:57:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-08 12:57:39+00:00
- **Authors**: Andras Lorincz, Laszlo Jeni, Zoltan Szabo, Jeffrey Cohn, Takeo Kanade
- **Comment**: IEEE International Workshop on Analysis and Modeling of Faces and
  Gestures, Portland, Oregon, 28 June 2013 (accepted)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Estimation of facial expressions, as spatio-temporal processes, can take advantage of kernel methods if one considers facial landmark positions and their motion in 3D space. We applied support vector classification with kernels derived from dynamic time-warping similarity measures. We achieved over 99% accuracy - measured by area under ROC curve - using only the 'motion pattern' of the PCA compressed representation of the marker point vector, the so-called shape parameters. Beyond the classification of full motion patterns, several expressions were recognized with over 90% accuracy in as few as 5-6 frames from their onset, about 200 milliseconds.



