# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-06-15
### Maximal digital straight segments and convergence of discrete geometric estimators
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0906.2716v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/11499145_100
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CG, cs.DM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0906.2716v1)
- **Published**: 2009-06-15 15:13:42+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-06-15 15:13:42+00:00
- **Authors**: F. De Vieilleville, Jacques-Olivier Lachaud, F. Feschet
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Proc. 14th Scandinavian Conference on Image Analysis (SCIA2005),
  Joensuu : Finlande (2005)
- **Summary**: Discrete geometric estimators approach geometric quantities on digitized shapes without any knowledge of the continuous shape. A classical yet difficult problem is to show that an estimator asymptotically converges toward the true geometric quantity as the resolution increases. We study here the convergence of local estimators based on Digital Straight Segment (DSS) recognition. It is closely linked to the asymptotic growth of maximal DSS, for which we show bounds both about their number and sizes. These results not only give better insights about digitized curves but indicate that curvature estimators based on local DSS recognition are not likely to converge. We indeed invalidate an hypothesis which was essential in the only known convergence theorem of a discrete curvature estimator. The proof involves results from arithmetic properties of digital lines, digital convexity, combinatorics, continued fractions and random polytopes.



### Coding cells of digital spaces: a framework to write generic digital topology algorithms
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0906.2767v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/S1571-0653(04)00497-4
- **Categories**: **cs.DM**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0906.2767v1)
- **Published**: 2009-06-15 19:32:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-06-15 19:32:48+00:00
- **Authors**: Jacques-Olivier Lachaud
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Proc. Int. Work. Combinatorial Image Analysis (IWCIA2003), Palermo
  : Italie (2003)
- **Summary**: This paper proposes a concise coding of the cells of n-dimensional finite regular grids. It induces a simple, generic and efficient framework for implementing classical digital topology data structures and algorithms. Discrete subsets of multidimensional images (e.g. regions, digital surfaces, cubical cell complexes) have then a common and compact representation. Moreover, algorithms have a straightforward and efficient implementation, which is independent from the dimension or sizes of digital images. We illustrate that point with generic hypersurface boundary extraction algorithms by scanning or tracking. This framework has been implemented and basic operations as well as the presented applications have been benchmarked.



### Combinatorial pyramids and discrete geometry for energy-minimizing segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0906.2770v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0906.2770v1)
- **Published**: 2009-06-15 19:33:21+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-06-15 19:33:21+00:00
- **Authors**: Martin Braure De Calignon, Luc Brun, Jacques-Olivier Lachaud
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Proc. Int. Symposium on Visual Computing (ISVC2006), Lake Tahoe,
  Nevada : \'Etats-Unis d'Am\'erique (2006)
- **Summary**: This paper defines the basis of a new hierarchical framework for segmentation algorithms based on energy minimization schemes. This new framework is based on two formal tools. First, a combinatorial pyramid encode efficiently a hierarchy of partitions. Secondly, discrete geometric estimators measure precisely some important geometric parameters of the regions. These measures combined with photometrical and topological features of the partition allows to design energy terms based on discrete measures. Our segmentation framework exploits these energies to build a pyramid of image partitions with a minimization scheme. Some experiments illustrating our framework are shown and discussed.



