# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-06-22
### Physical Modeling Techniques in Active Contours for Image Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0906.4036v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.GR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0906.4036v3)
- **Published**: 2009-06-22 16:38:30+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-06-30 15:53:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Hongyu Lu, Shanglian Bao
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Physical modeling method, represented by simulation and visualization of the principles in physics, is introduced in the shape extraction of the active contours. The objectives of adopting this concept are to address the several major difficulties in the application of Active Contours. Primarily, a technique is developed to realize the topological changes of Parametric Active Contours (Snakes). The key strategy is to imitate the process of a balloon expanding and filling in a closed space with several objects. After removing the touched balloon surfaces, the objects can be identified by surrounded remaining balloon surfaces. A burned region swept by Snakes is utilized to trace the contour and to give a criterion for stopping the movement of Snake curve. When the Snakes terminates evolution totally, through ignoring this criterion, it can form a connected area by evolving the Snakes again and continuing the region burning. The contours extracted from the boundaries of the burned area can represent the child snake of each object respectively. Secondly, a novel scheme is designed to solve the problems of leakage of the contour from the large gaps, and the segmentation error in Geometric Active Contours (GAC). It divides the segmentation procedure into two processing stages. By simulating the wave propagating in the isotropic substance at the final stage, it can significantly enhance the effect of image force in GAC based on Level Set and give the satisfied solutions to the two problems. Thirdly, to support the physical models for active contours above, we introduce a general image force field created on a template plane over the image plane. This force is more adaptable to noisy images with complicated geometric shapes.



### Automatic Spatially-Adaptive Balancing of Energy Terms for Image Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0906.4131v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.6
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0906.4131v2)
- **Published**: 2009-06-22 21:10:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-06-23 21:57:29+00:00
- **Authors**: Josna Rao, Ghassan Hamarneh, Rafeef Abugharbieh
- **Comment**: 12 pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Image segmentation techniques are predominately based on parameter-laden optimization. The objective function typically involves weights for balancing competing image fidelity and segmentation regularization cost terms. Setting these weights suitably has been a painstaking, empirical process. Even if such ideal weights are found for a novel image, most current approaches fix the weight across the whole image domain, ignoring the spatially-varying properties of object shape and image appearance. We propose a novel technique that autonomously balances these terms in a spatially-adaptive manner through the incorporation of image reliability in a graph-based segmentation framework. We validate on synthetic data achieving a reduction in mean error of 47% (p-value << 0.05) when compared to the best fixed parameter segmentation. We also present results on medical images (including segmentations of the corpus callosum and brain tissue in MRI data) and on natural images.



