# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-06-25
### Efficient IRIS Recognition through Improvement of Feature Extraction and subset Selection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0906.4789v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0906.4789v1)
- **Published**: 2009-06-25 20:14:42+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-06-25 20:14:42+00:00
- **Authors**: Amir Azizi, Hamid Reza Pourreza
- **Comment**: 10 pages, International Journal of Computer Science and Information
  Security (IJCSIS)
- **Journal**: IJCSIS JUne 2009 Issue, Vol. 2, No. 1
- **Summary**: The selection of the optimal feature subset and the classification has become an important issue in the field of iris recognition. In this paper we propose several methods for iris feature subset selection and vector creation. The deterministic feature sequence is extracted from the iris image by using the contourlet transform technique. Contourlet transform captures the intrinsic geometrical structures of iris image. It decomposes the iris image into a set of directional sub-bands with texture details captured in different orientations at various scales so for reducing the feature vector dimensions we use the method for extract only significant bit and information from normalized iris images. In this method we ignore fragile bits. And finally we use SVM (Support Vector Machine) classifier for approximating the amount of people identification in our proposed system. Experimental result show that most proposed method reduces processing time and increase the classification accuracy and also the iris feature vector length is much smaller versus the other methods.



