# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-06-19
### Finding Significant Subregions in Large Image Databases
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0906.3585v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.DB**, cs.CV, cs.IR, H.2.4
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0906.3585v1)
- **Published**: 2009-06-19 06:57:51+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-06-19 06:57:51+00:00
- **Authors**: Vishwakarma Singh, Arnab Bhattacharya, Ambuj K. Singh
- **Comment**: 16 pages, 48 figures
- **Journal**: Extending Database Technology (EDBT) 2010
- **Summary**: Images have become an important data source in many scientific and commercial domains. Analysis and exploration of image collections often requires the retrieval of the best subregions matching a given query. The support of such content-based retrieval requires not only the formulation of an appropriate scoring function for defining relevant subregions but also the design of new access methods that can scale to large databases. In this paper, we propose a solution to this problem of querying significant image subregions. We design a scoring scheme to measure the similarity of subregions. Our similarity measure extends to any image descriptor. All the images are tiled and each alignment of the query and a database image produces a tile score matrix. We show that the problem of finding the best connected subregion from this matrix is NP-hard and develop a dynamic programming heuristic. With this heuristic, we develop two index based scalable search strategies, TARS and SPARS, to query patterns in a large image repository. These strategies are general enough to work with other scoring schemes and heuristics. Experimental results on real image datasets show that TARS saves more than 87% query time on small queries, and SPARS saves up to 52% query time on large queries as compared to linear search. Qualitative tests on synthetic and real datasets achieve precision of more than 80%.



### Two-Dimensional ARMA Modeling for Breast Cancer Detection and Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0906.3722v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.AI**, cs.CV, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0906.3722v1)
- **Published**: 2009-06-19 17:56:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-06-19 17:56:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Nidhal Bouaynaya, Jerzy Zielinski, Dan Schonfeld
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We propose a new model-based computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) system for tumor detection and classification (cancerous v.s. benign) in breast images. Specifically, we show that (x-ray, ultrasound and MRI) images can be accurately modeled by two-dimensional autoregressive-moving average (ARMA) random fields. We derive a two-stage Yule-Walker Least-Squares estimates of the model parameters, which are subsequently used as the basis for statistical inference and biophysical interpretation of the breast image. We use a k-means classifier to segment the breast image into three regions: healthy tissue, benign tumor, and cancerous tumor. Our simulation results on ultrasound breast images illustrate the power of the proposed approach.



