# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-10-13
### Positive Semidefinite Metric Learning with Boosting
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0910.2279v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0910.2279v1)
- **Published**: 2009-10-13 00:54:31+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-10-13 00:54:31+00:00
- **Authors**: Chunhua Shen, Junae Kim, Lei Wang, Anton van den Hengel
- **Comment**: 11 pages, Twenty-Third Annual Conference on Neural Information
  Processing Systems (NIPS 2009), Vancouver, Canada
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The learning of appropriate distance metrics is a critical problem in image classification and retrieval. In this work, we propose a boosting-based technique, termed \BoostMetric, for learning a Mahalanobis distance metric. One of the primary difficulties in learning such a metric is to ensure that the Mahalanobis matrix remains positive semidefinite. Semidefinite programming is sometimes used to enforce this constraint, but does not scale well. \BoostMetric is instead based on a key observation that any positive semidefinite matrix can be decomposed into a linear positive combination of trace-one rank-one matrices. \BoostMetric thus uses rank-one positive semidefinite matrices as weak learners within an efficient and scalable boosting-based learning process. The resulting method is easy to implement, does not require tuning, and can accommodate various types of constraints. Experiments on various datasets show that the proposed algorithm compares favorably to those state-of-the-art methods in terms of classification accuracy and running time.



### Fractional differentiation based image processing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0910.2381v4
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0910.2381v4)
- **Published**: 2009-10-13 12:37:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-04-07 07:08:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Amelia Carolina Sparavigna
- **Comment**: Keywords: Fractional calculation, image processing, astronomy,
  Misprints revised
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: There are many resources useful for processing images, most of them freely available and quite friendly to use. In spite of this abundance of tools, a study of the processing methods is still worthy of efforts. Here, we want to discuss the possibilities arising from the use of fractional differential calculus. This calculus evolved in the research field of pure mathematics until 1920, when applied science started to use it. Only recently, fractional calculus was involved in image processing methods. As we shall see, the fractional calculation is able to enhance the quality of images, with interesting possibilities in edge detection and image restoration. We suggest also the fractional differentiation as a tool to reveal faint objects in astronomical images.



