# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-10-26
### Parallelization of the LBG Vector Quantization Algorithm for Shared Memory Systems
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0910.4711v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.DC, I.4.1; I.4.2; D.1.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0910.4711v1)
- **Published**: 2009-10-26 04:46:56+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-10-26 04:46:56+00:00
- **Authors**: Rajashekar Annaji, Shrisha Rao
- **Comment**: 14 pages
- **Journal**: International Journal of Image Processing, vol. 3, no. 4,
  July/August 2009, pp. 170-183
- **Summary**: This paper proposes a parallel approach for the Vector Quantization (VQ) problem in image processing. VQ deals with codebook generation from the input training data set and replacement of any arbitrary data with the nearest codevector. Most of the efforts in VQ have been directed towards designing parallel search algorithms for the codebook, and little has hitherto been done in evolving a parallelized procedure to obtain an optimum codebook. This parallel algorithm addresses the problem of designing an optimum codebook using the traditional LBG type of vector quantization algorithm for shared memory systems and for the efficient usage of parallel processors. Using the codebook formed from a training set, any arbitrary input data is replaced with the nearest codevector from the codebook. The effectiveness of the proposed algorithm is indicated.



### A $p$-adic RanSaC algorithm for stereo vision using Hensel lifting
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0910.4839v2
- **DOI**: 10.1134/S2070046610010048
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0910.4839v2)
- **Published**: 2009-10-26 09:34:29+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-11-03 17:24:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Patrick Erik Bradley
- **Comment**: 15 pages; typos removed, abstract changed, computation error removed
- **Journal**: p-Adic Numbers, Ultrametric Analysis, and Applications, Vol. 2,
  No. 1 (2010), 55-67
- **Summary**: A $p$-adic variation of the Ran(dom) Sa(mple) C(onsensus) method for solving the relative pose problem in stereo vision is developped. From two 2-adically encoded images a random sample of five pairs of corresponding points is taken, and the equations for the essential matrix are solved by lifting solutions modulo 2 to the 2-adic integers. A recently devised $p$-adic hierarchical classification algorithm imitating the known LBG quantisation method classifies the solutions for all the samples after having determined the number of clusters using the known intra-inter validity of clusterings. In the successful case, a cluster ranking will determine the cluster containing a 2-adic approximation to the "true" solution of the problem.



### An Iterative Shrinkage Approach to Total-Variation Image Restoration
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0910.5002v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2010.2090532
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0910.5002v1)
- **Published**: 2009-10-26 22:50:18+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-10-26 22:50:18+00:00
- **Authors**: Oleg Michailovich
- **Comment**: The paper was submitted to the IEEE Transactions on Image Processing
  on October 22nd, 2009
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The problem of restoration of digital images from their degraded measurements plays a central role in a multitude of practically important applications. A particularly challenging instance of this problem occurs in the case when the degradation phenomenon is modeled by an ill-conditioned operator. In such a case, the presence of noise makes it impossible to recover a valuable approximation of the image of interest without using some a priori information about its properties. Such a priori information is essential for image restoration, rendering it stable and robust to noise. Particularly, if the original image is known to be a piecewise smooth function, one of the standard priors used in this case is defined by the Rudin-Osher-Fatemi model, which results in total variation (TV) based image restoration. The current arsenal of algorithms for TV-based image restoration is vast. In the present paper, a different approach to the solution of the problem is proposed based on the method of iterative shrinkage (aka iterated thresholding). In the proposed method, the TV-based image restoration is performed through a recursive application of two simple procedures, viz. linear filtering and soft thresholding. Therefore, the method can be identified as belonging to the group of first-order algorithms which are efficient in dealing with images of relatively large sizes. Another valuable feature of the proposed method consists in its working directly with the TV functional, rather then with its smoothed versions. Moreover, the method provides a single solution for both isotropic and anisotropic definitions of the TV functional, thereby establishing a useful connection between the two formulae.



