# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-10-09
### Local and global approaches of affinity propagation clustering for large scale data
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0910.1650v1
- **DOI**: 10.1631/jzus.A0720058
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0910.1650v1)
- **Published**: 2009-10-09 04:55:41+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-10-09 04:55:41+00:00
- **Authors**: Dingyin Xia, Fei Wu, Xuqing Zhang, Yueting Zhuang
- **Comment**: 9 pages
- **Journal**: J Zhejiang Univ Sci A 2008 9(10):1373-1381
- **Summary**: Recently a new clustering algorithm called 'affinity propagation' (AP) has been proposed, which efficiently clustered sparsely related data by passing messages between data points. However, we want to cluster large scale data where the similarities are not sparse in many cases. This paper presents two variants of AP for grouping large scale data with a dense similarity matrix. The local approach is partition affinity propagation (PAP) and the global method is landmark affinity propagation (LAP). PAP passes messages in the subsets of data first and then merges them as the number of initial step of iterations; it can effectively reduce the number of iterations of clustering. LAP passes messages between the landmark data points first and then clusters non-landmark data points; it is a large global approximation method to speed up clustering. Experiments are conducted on many datasets, such as random data points, manifold subspaces, images of faces and Chinese calligraphy, and the results demonstrate that the two approaches are feasible and practicable.



### 3D/2D Registration of Mapping Catheter Images for Arrhythmia Interventional Assistance
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0910.1844v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0910.1844v1)
- **Published**: 2009-10-09 20:07:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-10-09 20:07:11+00:00
- **Authors**: Pascal Fallavollita
- **Comment**: International Journal of Computer Science Issues, IJCSI, Volume 4,
  Issue 2, pp10-19, September 2009
- **Journal**: P. Fallavollita, " 3D/2D Registration of Mapping Catheter Images
  for Arrhythmia Interventional Assistance", International Journal of Computer
  Science Issues, IJCSI, Volume 4, Issue 2, pp10-19, September 2009"
- **Summary**: Radiofrequency (RF) catheter ablation has transformed treatment for tachyarrhythmias and has become first-line therapy for some tachycardias. The precise localization of the arrhythmogenic site and the positioning of the RF catheter over that site are problematic: they can impair the efficiency of the procedure and are time consuming (several hours). Electroanatomic mapping technologies are available that enable the display of the cardiac chambers and the relative position of ablation lesions. However, these are expensive and use custom-made catheters. The proposed methodology makes use of standard catheters and inexpensive technology in order to create a 3D volume of the heart chamber affected by the arrhythmia. Further, we propose a novel method that uses a priori 3D information of the mapping catheter in order to estimate the 3D locations of multiple electrodes across single view C-arm images. The monoplane algorithm is tested for feasibility on computer simulations and initial canine data.



### Color Image Clustering using Block Truncation Algorithm
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0910.1849v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0910.1849v1)
- **Published**: 2009-10-09 20:21:23+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-10-09 20:21:23+00:00
- **Authors**: Sanjay Silakari, Mahesh Motwani, Manish Maheshwari
- **Comment**: " International Journal of Computer Science Issues, IJCSI, Volume 4,
  Issue 2, pp31-35, September 2009"
- **Journal**: S. Silakari, M. Motwani and M. Maheshwari," Color Image Clustering
  using Block Truncation Algorithm", International Journal of Computer Science
  Issues, IJCSI, Volume 4, Issue 2, pp31-35, September 2009
- **Summary**: With the advancement in image capturing device, the image data been generated at high volume. If images are analyzed properly, they can reveal useful information to the human users. Content based image retrieval address the problem of retrieving images relevant to the user needs from image databases on the basis of low-level visual features that can be derived from the images. Grouping images into meaningful categories to reveal useful information is a challenging and important problem. Clustering is a data mining technique to group a set of unsupervised data based on the conceptual clustering principal: maximizing the intraclass similarity and minimizing the interclass similarity. Proposed framework focuses on color as feature. Color Moment and Block Truncation Coding (BTC) are used to extract features for image dataset. Experimental study using K-Means clustering algorithm is conducted to group the image dataset into various clusters.



### Distributed Object Medical Imaging Model
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0910.1857v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.SE**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0910.1857v1)
- **Published**: 2009-10-09 20:42:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-10-09 20:42:48+00:00
- **Authors**: Ahmad Shukri Mohd Noor, Md Yazid Md Saman
- **Comment**: " International Journal of Computer Science Issues, IJCSI, Volume 4,
  Issue 2, pp42-48, September 2009"
- **Journal**: A.S.M. Noor and Y.Saman, "Distributed Object Medical Imaging
  Model", International Journal of Computer Science Issues, IJCSI, Volume 4,
  Issue 2, pp42-48, September 2009
- **Summary**: Digital medical informatics and images are commonly used in hospitals today,. Because of the interrelatedness of the radiology department and other departments, especially the intensive care unit and emergency department, the transmission and sharing of medical images has become a critical issue. Our research group has developed a Java-based Distributed Object Medical Imaging Model(DOMIM) to facilitate the rapid development and deployment of medical imaging applications in a distributed environment that can be shared and used by related departments and mobile physiciansDOMIM is a unique suite of multimedia telemedicine applications developed for the use by medical related organizations. The applications support realtime patients' data, image files, audio and video diagnosis annotation exchanges. The DOMIM enables joint collaboration between radiologists and physicians while they are at distant geographical locations. The DOMIM environment consists of heterogeneous, autonomous, and legacy resources. The Common Object Request Broker Architecture (CORBA), Java Database Connectivity (JDBC), and Java language provide the capability to combine the DOMIM resources into an integrated, interoperable, and scalable system. The underneath technology, including IDL ORB, Event Service, IIOP JDBC/ODBC, legacy system wrapping and Java implementation are explored. This paper explores a distributed collaborative CORBA/JDBC based framework that will enhance medical information management requirements and development. It encompasses a new paradigm for the delivery of health services that requires process reengineering, cultural changes, as well as organizational changes



