# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2007-05-02
### The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map algorithm
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0705.0199v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.NE**, cs.AI, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0705.0199v2)
- **Published**: 2007-05-02 04:04:51+00:00
- **Updated**: 2007-05-08 01:06:10+00:00
- **Authors**: Erik Berglund, Joaquin Sitte
- **Comment**: 29 pages, 27 figures. Based on publication in IEEE Trans. on Neural
  Networks
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks, 2006 v.17, n.2, pp.305-316
- **Summary**: The Parameter-Less Self-Organizing Map (PLSOM) is a new neural network algorithm based on the Self-Organizing Map (SOM). It eliminates the need for a learning rate and annealing schemes for learning rate and neighbourhood size. We discuss the relative performance of the PLSOM and the SOM and demonstrate some tasks in which the SOM fails but the PLSOM performs satisfactory. Finally we discuss some example applications of the PLSOM and present a proof of ordering under certain limited conditions.



### Riemannian level-set methods for tensor-valued data
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0705.0214v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0705.0214v1)
- **Published**: 2007-05-02 07:32:58+00:00
- **Updated**: 2007-05-02 07:32:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Mourad Zerai, Maher Moakher
- **Comment**: 11 pages, 03 figures, to be published in the proceedings of SSVM
  2007, LNCS Springer
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present a novel approach for the derivation of PDE modeling curvature-driven flows for matrix-valued data. This approach is based on the Riemannian geometry of the manifold of Symmetric Positive Definite Matrices Pos(n).



