# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2007-05-24
### MI image registration using prior knowledge
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0705.3593v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0705.3593v2)
- **Published**: 2007-05-24 14:41:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2007-06-19 12:14:51+00:00
- **Authors**: W. Jacquet, P. de Groen
- **Comment**: 16 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Subtraction of aligned images is a means to assess changes in a wide variety of clinical applications. In this paper we explore the information theoretical origin of Mutual Information (MI), which is based on Shannon's entropy.However, the interpretation of standard MI registration as a communication channel suggests that MI is too restrictive a criterion. In this paper the concept of Mutual Information (MI) is extended to (Normalized) Focussed Mutual Information (FMI) to incorporate prior knowledge to overcome some shortcomings of MI. We use this to develop new methodologies to successfully address specific registration problems, the follow-up of dental restorations, cephalometry, and the monitoring of implants.



### Structural Health Monitoring Using Neural Network Based Vibrational System Identification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0705.3669v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ANZIIS.1994.396943
- **Categories**: **cs.NE**, cs.CV, cs.SD
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0705.3669v1)
- **Published**: 2007-05-24 21:48:18+00:00
- **Updated**: 2007-05-24 21:48:18+00:00
- **Authors**: Donald A. Sofge
- **Comment**: 4 pages
- **Journal**: D. Sofge, "Structural Health Monitoring Using Neural Network Based
  Vibrational System Identification," In Proceedings of the Australia-New
  Zealand Conference on Intelligent Information Systems, pp. 91-94, IEEE, 1994
- **Summary**: Composite fabrication technologies now provide the means for producing high-strength, low-weight panels, plates, spars and other structural components which use embedded fiber optic sensors and piezoelectric transducers. These materials, often referred to as smart structures, make it possible to sense internal characteristics, such as delaminations or structural degradation. In this effort we use neural network based techniques for modeling and analyzing dynamic structural information for recognizing structural defects. This yields an adaptable system which gives a measure of structural integrity for composite structures.



