# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2008-12-30
### A New Clustering Algorithm Based Upon Flocking On Complex Network
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0812.5032v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.AI, cs.CV, physics.soc-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0812.5032v1)
- **Published**: 2008-12-30 08:30:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-12-30 08:30:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Qiang Li, Yan He, Jing-ping Jiang
- **Comment**: 18 pages, 4 figures, 3 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We have proposed a model based upon flocking on a complex network, and then developed two clustering algorithms on the basis of it. In the algorithms, firstly a \textit{k}-nearest neighbor (knn) graph as a weighted and directed graph is produced among all data points in a dataset each of which is regarded as an agent who can move in space, and then a time-varying complex network is created by adding long-range links for each data point. Furthermore, each data point is not only acted by its \textit{k} nearest neighbors but also \textit{r} long-range neighbors through fields established in space by them together, so it will take a step along the direction of the vector sum of all fields. It is more important that these long-range links provides some hidden information for each data point when it moves and at the same time accelerate its speed converging to a center. As they move in space according to the proposed model, data points that belong to the same class are located at a same position gradually, whereas those that belong to different classes are away from one another. Consequently, the experimental results have demonstrated that data points in datasets are clustered reasonably and efficiently, and the rates of convergence of clustering algorithms are fast enough. Moreover, the comparison with other algorithms also provides an indication of the effectiveness of the proposed approach.



### A Novel Clustering Algorithm Based Upon Games on Evolving Network
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0812.5064v2
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.eswa.2010.02.050
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV, cs.GT, nlin.AO
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0812.5064v2)
- **Published**: 2008-12-30 13:22:31+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-03-19 13:30:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Qiang Li, Zhuo Chen, Yan He, Jing-ping Jiang
- **Comment**: 17 pages, 5 figures, 3 tables
- **Journal**: Expert Systems with Applications, 2010
- **Summary**: This paper introduces a model based upon games on an evolving network, and develops three clustering algorithms according to it. In the clustering algorithms, data points for clustering are regarded as players who can make decisions in games. On the network describing relationships among data points, an edge-removing-and-rewiring (ERR) function is employed to explore in a neighborhood of a data point, which removes edges connecting to neighbors with small payoffs, and creates new edges to neighbors with larger payoffs. As such, the connections among data points vary over time. During the evolution of network, some strategies are spread in the network. As a consequence, clusters are formed automatically, in which data points with the same evolutionarily stable strategy are collected as a cluster, so the number of evolutionarily stable strategies indicates the number of clusters. Moreover, the experimental results have demonstrated that data points in datasets are clustered reasonably and efficiently, and the comparison with other algorithms also provides an indication of the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms.



