# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2008-12-03
### A Novel Clustering Algorithm Based on Quantum Games
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0812.0743v2
- **DOI**: 10.1088/1751-8113/42/44/445303
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.AI, cs.CV, cs.GT, cs.MA, cs.NE, quant-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0812.0743v2)
- **Published**: 2008-12-03 15:46:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-10-10 09:10:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Qiang Li, Yan He, Jing-ping Jiang
- **Comment**: 19 pages, 5 figures, 5 tables
- **Journal**: 2009 J. Phys. A: Math. Theor. 42 445303
- **Summary**: Enormous successes have been made by quantum algorithms during the last decade. In this paper, we combine the quantum game with the problem of data clustering, and then develop a quantum-game-based clustering algorithm, in which data points in a dataset are considered as players who can make decisions and implement quantum strategies in quantum games. After each round of a quantum game, each player's expected payoff is calculated. Later, he uses a link-removing-and-rewiring (LRR) function to change his neighbors and adjust the strength of links connecting to them in order to maximize his payoff. Further, algorithms are discussed and analyzed in two cases of strategies, two payoff matrixes and two LRR functions. Consequently, the simulation results have demonstrated that data points in datasets are clustered reasonably and efficiently, and the clustering algorithms have fast rates of convergence. Moreover, the comparison with other algorithms also provides an indication of the effectiveness of the proposed approach.



