# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-09-12
### Approximate evaluation of marginal association probabilities with belief propagation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.6299v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TAES.2014.120568
- **Categories**: **cs.AI**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.6299v2)
- **Published**: 2012-09-12 06:45:25+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-20 00:47:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Jason L. Williams, Roslyn A. Lau
- **Comment**: http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TAES.2014.120568. appears in IEEE
  Transactions on Aerospace and Electronic Systems, vol. 50, no. 4, October
  2014
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Aerospace and Electronic Systems, vol 50, no
  4, pp 2942-2959, October 2014
- **Summary**: Data association, the problem of reasoning over correspondence between targets and measurements, is a fundamental problem in tracking. This paper presents a graphical model formulation of data association and applies an approximate inference method, belief propagation (BP), to obtain estimates of marginal association probabilities. We prove that BP is guaranteed to converge, and bound the number of iterations necessary. Experiments reveal a favourable comparison to prior methods in terms of accuracy and computational complexity.



### Wavelet Based Image Coding Schemes : A Recent Survey
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.2515v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijsc.2012.3308
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.2515v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-12 08:08:50+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-12 08:08:50+00:00
- **Authors**: V. J. Rehna, M. K. Jeya Kumar
- **Comment**: 18 pages, 7 figures, journal
- **Journal**: International Journal on Soft Computing (IJSC) Vol.3, No.3, August
  2012, 101-118
- **Summary**: A variety of new and powerful algorithms have been developed for image compression over the years. Among them the wavelet-based image compression schemes have gained much popularity due to their overlapping nature which reduces the blocking artifacts that are common phenomena in JPEG compression and multiresolution character which leads to superior energy compaction with high quality reconstructed images. This paper provides a detailed survey on some of the popular wavelet coding techniques such as the Embedded Zerotree Wavelet (EZW) coding, Set Partitioning in Hierarchical Tree (SPIHT) coding, the Set Partitioned Embedded Block (SPECK) Coder, and the Embedded Block Coding with Optimized Truncation (EBCOT) algorithm. Other wavelet-based coding techniques like the Wavelet Difference Reduction (WDR) and the Adaptive Scanned Wavelet Difference Reduction (ASWDR) algorithms, the Space Frequency Quantization (SFQ) algorithm, the Embedded Predictive Wavelet Image Coder (EPWIC), Compression with Reversible Embedded Wavelet (CREW), the Stack-Run (SR) coding and the recent Geometric Wavelet (GW) coding are also discussed. Based on the review, recommendations and discussions are presented for algorithm development and implementation.



### Sparse Representation of Astronomical Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.2657v1
- **DOI**: 10.1364/JOSAA.30.000758
- **Categories**: **math-ph**, cs.CV, math.MP
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.2657v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-12 16:38:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-12 16:38:39+00:00
- **Authors**: Laura Rebollo-Neira, James Bowley
- **Comment**: Software to implement the approach is available on
  http://www.nonlinear-approx.info/examples/node1.html
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Sparse representation of astronomical images is discussed. It is shown that a significant gain in sparsity is achieved when particular mixed dictionaries are used for approximating these types of images with greedy selection strategies. Experiments are conducted to confirm: i)Effectiveness at producing sparse representations. ii)Competitiveness, with respect to the time required to process large images.The latter is a consequence of the suitability of the proposed dictionaries for approximating images in partitions of small blocks.This feature makes it possible to apply the effective greedy selection technique Orthogonal Matching Pursuit, up to some block size. For blocks exceeding that size a refinement of the original Matching Pursuit approach is considered. The resulting method is termed Self Projected Matching Pursuit, because is shown to be effective for implementing, via Matching Pursuit itself, the optional back-projection intermediate steps in that approach.



### Visual Tracking with Similarity Matching Ratio
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.2696v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.RO
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.2696v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-12 19:32:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-12 19:32:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Aysegul Dundar, Jonghoon Jin, Eugenio Culurciello
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper presents a novel approach to visual tracking: Similarity Matching Ratio (SMR). The traditional approach of tracking is minimizing some measures of the difference between the template and a patch from the frame. This approach is vulnerable to outliers and drastic appearance changes and an extensive study is focusing on making the approach more tolerant to them. However, this often results in longer, corrective algo- rithms which do not solve the original problem. This paper proposes a novel approach to the definition of the tracking problems, SMR, which turns the differences into a probability measure. Only pixel differences below a threshold count towards deciding the match, the rest are ignored. This approach makes the SMR tracker robust to outliers and points that dramaticaly change appearance. The SMR tracker is tested on challenging video sequences and achieved state-of-the-art performance.



