# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-09-24
### Spike Timing Dependent Competitive Learning in Recurrent Self Organizing Pulsed Neural Networks Case Study: Phoneme and Word Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.5245v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI, q-bio.NC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.5245v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-24 12:28:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-24 12:28:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Tarek Behi, Najet Arous, Noureddine Ellouze
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 15 tables
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science Issues, Vol. 9, Issue 4,
  No 2, (2012)328-337
- **Summary**: Synaptic plasticity seems to be a capital aspect of the dynamics of neural networks. It is about the physiological modifications of the synapse, which have like consequence a variation of the value of the synaptic weight. The information encoding is based on the precise timing of single spike events that is based on the relative timing of the pre- and post-synaptic spikes, local synapse competitions within a single neuron and global competition via lateral connections. In order to classify temporal sequences, we present in this paper how to use a local hebbian learning, spike-timing dependent plasticity for unsupervised competitive learning, preserving self-organizing maps of spiking neurons. In fact we present three variants of self-organizing maps (SOM) with spike-timing dependent Hebbian learning rule, the Leaky Integrators Neurons (LIN), the Spiking_SOM and the recurrent Spiking_SOM (RSSOM) models. The case study of the proposed SOM variants is phoneme classification and word recognition in continuous speech and speaker independent.



### Model based neuro-fuzzy ASR on Texas processor
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.5417v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.5417v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-24 20:47:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-24 20:47:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Hesam Ekhtiyar, Mehdi Sheida, Somaye Sobati Moghadam
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper an algorithm for recognizing speech has been proposed. The recognized speech is used to execute related commands which use the MFCC and two kind of classifiers, first one uses MLP and second one uses fuzzy inference system as a classifier. The experimental results demonstrate the high gain and efficiency of the proposed algorithm. We have implemented this system based on graphical design and tested on a fix point digital signal processor (DSP) of 600 MHz, with reference DM6437-EVM of Texas instrument.



