# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-09-05
### Constructing the L2-Graph for Robust Subspace Learning and Subspace Clustering
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.0841v7
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TCYB.2016.2536752
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.0841v7)
- **Published**: 2012-09-05 01:36:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-01-17 12:00:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Xi Peng, Zhiding Yu, Huajin Tang, Zhang Yi
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE Trans. on Cybernetics, vol. 47, no. 4, pp. 1053-1066, Apr.
  2017
- **Summary**: Under the framework of graph-based learning, the key to robust subspace clustering and subspace learning is to obtain a good similarity graph that eliminates the effects of errors and retains only connections between the data points from the same subspace (i.e., intra-subspace data points). Recent works achieve good performance by modeling errors into their objective functions to remove the errors from the inputs. However, these approaches face the limitations that the structure of errors should be known prior and a complex convex problem must be solved. In this paper, we present a novel method to eliminate the effects of the errors from the projection space (representation) rather than from the input space. We first prove that $\ell_1$-, $\ell_2$-, $\ell_{\infty}$-, and nuclear-norm based linear projection spaces share the property of Intra-subspace Projection Dominance (IPD), i.e., the coefficients over intra-subspace data points are larger than those over inter-subspace data points. Based on this property, we introduce a method to construct a sparse similarity graph, called L2-Graph. The subspace clustering and subspace learning algorithms are developed upon L2-Graph. Experiments show that L2-Graph algorithms outperform the state-of-the-art methods for feature extraction, image clustering, and motion segmentation in terms of accuracy, robustness, and time efficiency.



### Visual Exploration of Simulated and Measured Blood Flow
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.0999v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.GR**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.0999v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-05 14:47:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-05 14:47:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Anna Vilanova, Bernhard Preim, Roy van Pelt, Rocco Gasteiger, Mathias Neugebauer, Thomas Wischgoll
- **Comment**: 20 pages book chapter of Dagstuhl Seminar 09251 "Scientific
  Visualization 2011" book http://www.dagstuhl.de/09251
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Morphology of cardiovascular tissue is influenced by the unsteady behavior of the blood flow and vice versa. Therefore, the pathogenesis of several cardiovascular diseases is directly affected by the blood-flow dynamics. Understanding flow behavior is of vital importance to understand the cardiovascular system and potentially harbors a considerable value for both diagnosis and risk assessment. The analysis of hemodynamic characteristics involves qualitative and quantitative inspection of the blood-flow field. Visualization plays an important role in the qualitative exploration, as well as the definition of relevant quantitative measures and its validation. There are two main approaches to obtain information about the blood flow: simulation by computational fluid dynamics, and in-vivo measurements. Although research on blood flow simulation has been performed for decades, many open problems remain concerning accuracy and patient-specific solutions. Possibilities for real measurement of blood flow have recently increased considerably by new developments in magnetic resonance imaging which enable the acquisition of 3D quantitative measurements of blood-flow velocity fields. This chapter presents the visualization challenges for both simulation and real measurements of unsteady blood-flow fields.



### Video Data Visualization System: Semantic Classification And Personalization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.1125v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijcga.2012.2201
- **Categories**: **cs.IR**, cs.CV, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.1125v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-05 21:28:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-05 21:28:32+00:00
- **Authors**: Jamel Slimi, Anis Ben Ammar, Adel M. Alimi
- **Comment**: graphics
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present in this paper an intelligent video data visualization tool, based on semantic classification, for retrieving and exploring a large scale corpus of videos. Our work is based on semantic classification resulting from semantic analysis of video. The obtained classes will be projected in the visualization space. The graph is represented by nodes and edges, the nodes are the keyframes of video documents and the edges are the relation between documents and the classes of documents. Finally, we construct the user's profile, based on the interaction with the system, to render the system more adequate to its references.



