# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-09-14
### Detection and Classification of Viewer Age Range Smart Signs at TV Broadcast
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.3113v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/sipij.2012.3410
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.3113v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-14 07:52:09+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-14 07:52:09+00:00
- **Authors**: Baran Tander, Atilla Özmen, Murat Başkan
- **Comment**: 11 pages, 13 figures, 2 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, the identification and classification of Viewer Age Range Smart Signs, designed by the Radio and Television Supreme Council of Turkey, to give age range information for the TV viewers, are realized. Therefore, the automatic detection at the broadcast will be possible, enabling the manufacturing of TV receivers which are sensible to these signs. The most important step at this process is the pattern recognition. Since the symbols that must be identified are circular, various circle detection techniques can be employed. In our study, first, two different circle segmentation methods for still images are analyzed, their advantages and drawbacks are discussed. A popular neural network structure called Multilayer Perceptron is employed for the classification. Afterwards, the same procedures are carried out for streaming video. All of the steps depicted above are realized on a standard PC.



### Hessian Schatten-Norm Regularization for Linear Inverse Problems
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.3318v3
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2013.2237919
- **Categories**: **math.OC**, cs.CV, cs.NA
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.3318v3)
- **Published**: 2012-09-14 20:31:06+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-02-02 08:02:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Stamatios Lefkimmiatis, John Paul Ward, Michael Unser
- **Comment**: 15 pages double-column format. This manuscript will appear in IEEE
  Transactions on Image Processing
- **Journal**: IEEE Trans. Image Process. 22 (2013), no. 5, 1873--1888
- **Summary**: We introduce a novel family of invariant, convex, and non-quadratic functionals that we employ to derive regularized solutions of ill-posed linear inverse imaging problems. The proposed regularizers involve the Schatten norms of the Hessian matrix, computed at every pixel of the image. They can be viewed as second-order extensions of the popular total-variation (TV) semi-norm since they satisfy the same invariance properties. Meanwhile, by taking advantage of second-order derivatives, they avoid the staircase effect, a common artifact of TV-based reconstructions, and perform well for a wide range of applications. To solve the corresponding optimization problems, we propose an algorithm that is based on a primal-dual formulation. A fundamental ingredient of this algorithm is the projection of matrices onto Schatten norm balls of arbitrary radius. This operation is performed efficiently based on a direct link we provide between vector projections onto $\ell_q$ norm balls and matrix projections onto Schatten norm balls. Finally, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods through experimental results on several inverse imaging problems with real and simulated data.



