# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-09-10
### A Comparative Study of Efficient Initialization Methods for the K-Means Clustering Algorithm
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.1960v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.eswa.2012.07.021
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV, I.5.3; H.2.8
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.1960v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-10 12:22:06+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-10 12:22:06+00:00
- **Authors**: M. Emre Celebi, Hassan A. Kingravi, Patricio A. Vela
- **Comment**: 17 pages, 1 figure, 7 tables
- **Journal**: Expert Systems with Applications 40 (2013) 200-210
- **Summary**: K-means is undoubtedly the most widely used partitional clustering algorithm. Unfortunately, due to its gradient descent nature, this algorithm is highly sensitive to the initial placement of the cluster centers. Numerous initialization methods have been proposed to address this problem. In this paper, we first present an overview of these methods with an emphasis on their computational efficiency. We then compare eight commonly used linear time complexity initialization methods on a large and diverse collection of data sets using various performance criteria. Finally, we analyze the experimental results using non-parametric statistical tests and provide recommendations for practitioners. We demonstrate that popular initialization methods often perform poorly and that there are in fact strong alternatives to these methods.



### Blind Image Deblurring by Spectral Properties of Convolution Operators
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.2082v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.2082v3)
- **Published**: 2012-09-10 18:19:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-04-22 17:36:34+00:00
- **Authors**: Guangcan Liu, Shiyu Chang, Yi Ma
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we study the problem of recovering a sharp version of a given blurry image when the blur kernel is unknown. Previous methods often introduce an image-independent regularizer (such as Gaussian or sparse priors) on the desired blur kernel. We shall show that the blurry image itself encodes rich information about the blur kernel. Such information can be found through analyzing and comparing how the spectrum of an image as a convolution operator changes before and after blurring. Our analysis leads to an effective convex regularizer on the blur kernel which depends only on the given blurry image. We show that the minimizer of this regularizer guarantees to give good approximation to the blur kernel if the original image is sharp enough. By combining this powerful regularizer with conventional image deblurring techniques, we show how we could significantly improve the deblurring results through simulations and experiments on real images. In addition, our analysis and experiments help explaining a widely accepted doctrine; that is, the edges are good features for deblurring.



