# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-09-13
### Hirarchical Digital Image Inpainting Using Wavelets
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.2816v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.2816v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-13 08:40:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-13 08:40:17+00:00
- **Authors**: S. Padmavathi, B. Priyalakshmi. Dr. K. P. Soman
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 9 figures
- **Journal**: Signal & Image Processing : An International Journal (SIPIJ)
  Vol.3, No.4, August 2012
- **Summary**: Inpainting is the technique of reconstructing unknown or damaged portions of an image in a visually plausible way. Inpainting algorithm automatically fills the damaged region in an image using the information available in undamaged region. Propagation of structure and texture information becomes a challenge as the size of damaged area increases. In this paper, a hierarchical inpainting algorithm using wavelets is proposed. The hierarchical method tries to keep the mask size smaller while wavelets help in handling the high pass structure information and low pass texture information separately. The performance of the proposed algorithm is tested using different factors. The results of our algorithm are compared with existing methods such as interpolation, diffusion and exemplar techniques.



### A Novel Approach of Harris Corner Detection of Noisy Images using Adaptive Wavelet Thresholding Technique
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.2903v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.2903v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-13 14:15:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-13 14:15:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Nilanjan Dey, Pradipti Nandi, Nilanjana Barman
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 10 figures. arXiv admin note: substantial text overlap with
  arXiv:1209.1558
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science & Technology(IJCST) Vol.
  2, ISSUE 4, OCT. - DEC. 2011
- **Summary**: In this paper we propose a method of corner detection for obtaining features which is required to track and recognize objects within a noisy image. Corner detection of noisy images is a challenging task in image processing. Natural images often get corrupted by noise during acquisition and transmission. Though Corner detection of these noisy images does not provide desired results, hence de-noising is required. Adaptive wavelet thresholding approach is applied for the same.



