# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-09-29
### Demosaicing and Superresolution for Color Filter Array via Residual Image Reconstruction and Sparse Representation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.0115v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.0115v2)
- **Published**: 2012-09-29 15:24:37+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-07-04 01:29:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Guangling Sun
- **Comment**: the paper has been accepted by a journal
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A framework of demosaicing and superresolution for color filter array (CFA) via residual image reconstruction and sparse representation is presented.Given the intermediate image produced by certain demosaicing and interpolation technique, a residual image between the final reconstruction image and the intermediate image is reconstructed using sparse representation.The final reconstruction image has richer edges and details than that of the intermediate image. Specifically, a generic dictionary is learned from a large set of composite training data composed of intermediate data and residual data. The learned dictionary implies a mapping between the two data. A specific dictionary adaptive to the input CFA is learned thereafter. Using the adaptive dictionary, the sparse coefficients of intermediate data are computed and transformed to predict residual image. The residual image is added back into the intermediate image to obtain the final reconstruction image. Experimental results demonstrate the state-of-the-art performance in terms of PSNR and subjective visual perception.



### A Low Cost Vision Based Hybrid Fiducial Mark Tracking Technique for Mobile Industrial Robots
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.0153v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.RO
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.0153v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-29 22:00:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-29 22:00:19+00:00
- **Authors**: Mohammed Y Aalsalem, Wazir Zada Khan, Quratul Ain Arshad
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science Issues, Vol. 9,
  Issue 4, No 2, July 2012 ISSN (Online): 1694-0814 www.IJCSI.org
- **Summary**: The field of robotic vision is developing rapidly. Robots can react intelligently and provide assistance to user activities through sentient computing. Since industrial applications pose complex requirements that cannot be handled by humans, an efficient low cost and robust technique is required for the tracking of mobile industrial robots. The existing sensor based techniques for mobile robot tracking are expensive and complex to deploy, configure and maintain. Also some of them demand dedicated and often expensive hardware. This paper presents a low cost vision based technique called Hybrid Fiducial Mark Tracking (HFMT) technique for tracking mobile industrial robot. HFMT technique requires off-the-shelf hardware (CCD cameras) and printable 2-D circular marks used as fiducials for tracking a mobile industrial robot on a pre-defined path. This proposed technique allows the robot to track on a predefined path by using fiducials for the detection of Right and Left turns on the path and White Strip for tracking the path. The HFMT technique is implemented and tested on an indoor mobile robot at our laboratory. Experimental results from robot navigating in real environments have confirmed that our approach is simple and robust and can be adopted in any hostile industrial environment where humans are unable to work.



