# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-09-25
### Segmentation of Breast Regions in Mammogram Based on Density: A Review
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.5494v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.5494v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-25 04:58:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-25 04:58:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Nafiza Saidin, Harsa Amylia Mat Sakim, Umi Kalthum Ngah, Ibrahim Lutfi Shuaib
- **Comment**: 9 pages, 2 figures,IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science
  Issues, Vol. 9, Issue 4, No 2, July 2012
- **Journal**: IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science Issues, Vol. 9,
  Issue 4, No 2, July 2012
- **Summary**: The focus of this paper is to review approaches for segmentation of breast regions in mammograms according to breast density. Studies based on density have been undertaken because of the relationship between breast cancer and density. Breast cancer usually occurs in the fibroglandular area of breast tissue, which appears bright on mammograms and is described as breast density. Most of the studies are focused on the classification methods for glandular tissue detection. Others highlighted on the segmentation methods for fibroglandular tissue, while few researchers performed segmentation of the breast anatomical regions based on density. There have also been works on the segmentation of other specific parts of breast regions such as either detection of nipple position, skin-air interface or pectoral muscles. The problems on the evaluation performance of the segmentation results in relation to ground truth are also discussed in this paper.



### Environmental Sounds Spectrogram Classification using Log-Gabor Filters and Multiclass Support Vector Machines
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.5756v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.5756v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-25 20:11:23+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-25 20:11:23+00:00
- **Authors**: Sameh Souli, Zied Lachiri
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper presents novel approaches for efficient feature extraction using environmental sound magnitude spectrogram. We propose approach based on the visual domain. This approach included three methods. The first method is based on extraction for each spectrogram a single log-Gabor filter followed by mutual information procedure. In the second method, the spectrogram is passed by the same steps of the first method but with an averaged bank of 12 log-Gabor filter. The third method consists of spectrogram segmentation into three patches, and after that for each spectrogram patch we applied the second method. The classification results prove that the second method is the most efficient in our environmental sound classification system.



