# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-09-06
### FCM Based Blood Vessel Segmentation Method for Retinal Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.1181v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.1181v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-06 05:12:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-06 05:12:53+00:00
- **Authors**: Nilanjan Dey, Anamitra Bardhan Roy, Moumita Pal, Achintya Das
- **Comment**: 5 pages,3figures
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science and Network
  (IJCSN),Volume 1, Issue 3, June 2012,ISSN 2277-5420
- **Summary**: Segmentation of blood vessels in retinal images provides early diagnosis of diseases like glaucoma, diabetic retinopathy and macular degeneration. Among these diseases occurrence of Glaucoma is most frequent and has serious ocular consequences that can even lead to blindness, if it is not detected early. The clinical criteria for the diagnosis of glaucoma include intraocular pressure measurement, optic nerve head evaluation, retinal nerve fiber layer and visual field defects. This form of blood vessel segmentation helps in early detection for ophthalmic diseases, and potentially reduces the risk of blindness. The low-contrast images at the retina owing to narrow blood vessels of the retina are difficult to extract. These low contrast images are, however useful in revealing certain systemic diseases. Motivated by the goals of improving detection of such vessels, this present work proposes an algorithm for segmentation of blood vessels and compares the results between expert ophthalmologist hand-drawn ground-truths and segmented image(i.e. the output of the present work).Sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV), positive likelihood ratio (PLR) and accuracy are used to evaluate overall performance.It is found that this work segments blood vessels successfully with sensitivity, specificity, PPV, PLR and accuracy of 99.62%, 54.66%, 95.08%, 219.72 and 95.03%, respectively.



### Wavelet Based Normal and Abnormal Heart Sound Identification using Spectrogram Analysis
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.1224v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.1224v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-06 08:37:44+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-06 08:37:44+00:00
- **Authors**: Nilanjan Dey, Achintya Das, Sheli Sinha Chaudhuri
- **Comment**: 7 pages, 13 figures
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science & Engineering Technology
  (IJCSET), Vol. 3 No. 6 June 2012, ISSN : 2229-3345
- **Summary**: The present work proposes a computer-aided normal and abnormal heart sound identification based on Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT), it being useful for tele-diagnosis of heart diseases. Due to the presence of Cumulative Frequency components in the spectrogram, DWT is applied on the spectro-gram up to n level to extract the features from the individual approximation components. One dimensional feature vector is obtained by evaluating the Row Mean of the approximation components of these spectrograms. For this present approach, the set of spectrograms has been considered as the database, rather than raw sound samples. Minimum Euclidean distance is computed between feature vector of the test sample and the feature vectors of the stored samples to identify the heart sound. By applying this algorithm, almost 82% of accuracy was achieved.



