# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-09-09
### On the Use of Lee's Protocol for Speckle-Reducing Techniques
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.1788v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.1788v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-09 10:30:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-09 10:30:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Elsa E. Moschetti, M. Gabriela Palacio, Mery Picco, Oscar H. Bustos, Alejandro C. Frery
- **Comment**: http://www.laar.uns.edu.ar
- **Journal**: Latin American Applied Research, volume 36, number 2, pages
  115-121, 2006
- **Summary**: This paper presents two new MAP (Maximum a Posteriori) filters for speckle noise reduction and a Monte Carlo procedure for the assessment of their performance. In order to quantitatively evaluate the results obtained using these new filters, with respect to classical ones, a Monte Carlo extension of Lee's protocol is proposed. This extension of the protocol shows that its original version leads to inconsistencies that hamper its use as a general procedure for filter assessment. Some solutions for these inconsistencies are proposed, and a consistent comparison of speckle-reducing filters is provided.



### A spatio-spectral hybridization for edge preservation and noisy image restoration via local parametric mixtures and Lagrangian relaxation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.1826v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **stat.ME**, cs.CV, stat.AP, Primary : 62G07, 62H15, 68U10. Secondary : 62P30, 65D10, 65D15
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.1826v1)
- **Published**: 2012-09-09 18:23:21+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-09 18:23:21+00:00
- **Authors**: Kinjal Basu, Debapriya Sengupta
- **Comment**: 29 Pages, 13 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper investigates a fully unsupervised statistical method for edge preserving image restoration and compression using a spatial decomposition scheme. Smoothed maximum likelihood is used for local estimation of edge pixels from mixture parametric models of local templates. For the complementary smooth part the traditional L2-variational problem is solved in the Fourier domain with Thin Plate Spline (TPS) regularization. It is well known that naive Fourier compression of the whole image fails to restore a piece-wise smooth noisy image satisfactorily due to Gibbs phenomenon. Images are interpreted as relative frequency histograms of samples from bi-variate densities where the sample sizes might be unknown. The set of discontinuities is assumed to be completely unsupervised Lebesgue-null, compact subset of the plane in the continuous formulation of the problem. Proposed spatial decomposition uses a widely used topological concept, partition of unity. The decision on edge pixel neighborhoods are made based on the multiple testing procedure of Holms. Statistical summary of the final output is decomposed into two layers of information extraction, one for the subset of edge pixels and the other for the smooth region. Robustness is also demonstrated by applying the technique on noisy degradation of clean images.



