# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-03-15
### Separable and non-separable data representation for pattern discrimination
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1503.04400v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **quant-ph**, cs.CV, cs.LG, I.5.2; I.4.1
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1503.04400v1)
- **Published**: 2015-03-15 09:04:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-03-15 09:04:22+00:00
- **Authors**: Jarosław Adam Miszczak
- **Comment**: 11 pages, 2 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We provide a complete work-flow, based on the language of quantum information theory, suitable for processing data for the purpose of pattern recognition. The main advantage of the introduced scheme is that it can be easily implemented and applied to process real-world data using modest computation resources. At the same time it can be used to investigate the difference in the pattern recognition resulting from the utilization of the tensor product structure of the space of quantum states. We illustrate this difference by providing a simple example based on the classification of 2D data.



### Pattern Recognition of Bearing Faults using Smoother Statistical Features
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1503.04444v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1503.04444v2)
- **Published**: 2015-03-15 16:05:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-11-30 15:04:15+00:00
- **Authors**: Muhammad Masood Tahir, Ayyaz Hussain
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author due to a crucial errors
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A pattern recognition (PR) based diagnostic scheme is presented to identify bearing faults, using time domain features. Vibration data is acquired from faulty bearings using a test rig. The features are extracted from the data, and processed prior to utilize in the PR process. The processing involves smoothing of feature distributions. This reduces the undesired impact of vibration randomness on the PR process, and thus enhances the diagnostic accuracy of the model.



