# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-02-21
### Supervised Learning of Digital image restoration based on Quantization Nearest Neighbor algorithm
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1002.3985v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1002.3985v1)
- **Published**: 2010-02-21 18:34:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-02-21 18:34:10+00:00
- **Authors**: Md. Imran Hossain, Syed Golam Rajib
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Journal of Computing, Volume 2, Issue 2, February 2010,
  https://sites.google.com/site/journalofcomputing/
- **Summary**: In this paper, an algorithm is proposed for Image Restoration. Such algorithm is different from the traditional approaches in this area, by utilizing priors that are learned from similar images. Original images and their degraded versions by the known degradation operators are utilized for designing the Quantization. The code vectors are designed using the blurred images. For each such vector, the high frequency information obtained from the original images is also available. During restoration, the high frequency information of a given degraded image is estimated from its low frequency information based on the artificial noise. For the restoration problem, a number of techniques are designed corresponding to various versions of the blurring function. Given a noisy and blurred image, one of the techniques is chosen based on a similarity measure, therefore providing the identification of the blur. To make the restoration process computationally efficient, the Quantization Nearest Neighborhood approaches are utilized.



