# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-02-13
### Assessment Of The Wind Farm Impact On The Radar
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1002.2654v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MS
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1002.2654v1)
- **Published**: 2010-02-13 01:19:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-02-13 01:19:53+00:00
- **Authors**: Evgeny D. Norman
- **Comment**: Master's Thesis, 62 pages, LaTeX. Submitted to ENSIETA & Thales Air
  Systems. Paris area, 2009
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This study shows the means to evaluate the wind farm impact on the radar. It proposes the set of tools, which can be used to realise this objective. The big part of report covers the study of complex pattern propagation factor as the critical issue of the Advanced Propagation Model (APM). Finally, the reader can find here the implementation of this algorithm - the real scenario in Inverness airport (the United Kingdom), where the ATC radar STAR 2000, developed by Thales Air Systems, operates in the presence of several wind farms. Basically, the project is based on terms of the department "Strategy Technology & Innovation", where it has been done. Also you can find here how the radar industry can act with the problem engendered by wind farms. The current strategies in this area are presented, such as a wind turbine production, improvements of air traffic handling procedures and the collaboration between developers of radars and wind turbines. The possible strategy for Thales as a main pioneer was given as well.



