# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-10-13
### On the Role of Contrast and Regularity in Perceptual Boundary Saliency
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.3718v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s10851-012-0411-6
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, stat.AP
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.3718v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-13 16:27:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-13 16:27:52+00:00
- **Authors**: Mariano Tepper, Pablo Musé, Andrés Almansa
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Mathematical Morphology proposes to extract shapes from images as connected components of level sets. These methods prove very suitable for shape recognition and analysis. We present a method to select the perceptually significant (i.e., contrasted) level lines (boundaries of level sets), using the Helmholtz principle as first proposed by Desolneux et al. Contrarily to the classical formulation by Desolneux et al. where level lines must be entirely salient, the proposed method allows to detect partially salient level lines, thus resulting in more robust and more stable detections. We then tackle the problem of combining two gestalts as a measure of saliency and propose a method that reinforces detections. Results in natural images show the good performance of the proposed methods.



### Inference of Fine-grained Attributes of Bengali Corpus for Stylometry Detection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.3729v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CL**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.3729v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-13 18:02:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-13 18:02:26+00:00
- **Authors**: Tanmoy Chakraborty, Sivaji Bandyopadhyay
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 2 figures, 4 tables. arXiv admin note: substantial text
  overlap with arXiv:1208.6268
- **Journal**: Polibits (44) 2011, pp. 79-83
- **Summary**: Stylometry, the science of inferring characteristics of the author from the characteristics of documents written by that author, is a problem with a long history and belongs to the core task of Text categorization that involves authorship identification, plagiarism detection, forensic investigation, computer security, copyright and estate disputes etc. In this work, we present a strategy for stylometry detection of documents written in Bengali. We adopt a set of fine-grained attribute features with a set of lexical markers for the analysis of the text and use three semi-supervised measures for making decisions. Finally, a majority voting approach has been taken for final classification. The system is fully automatic and language-independent. Evaluation results of our attempt for Bengali author's stylometry detection show reasonably promising accuracy in comparison to the baseline model.



