# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-10-03
### Logical segmentation for article extraction in digitized old newspapers
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.0999v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IR**, cs.CV, cs.DL
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.0999v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-03 06:24:25+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-03 06:24:25+00:00
- **Authors**: Thomas Palfray, David Hébert, Stéphane Nicolas, Pierrick Tranouez, Thierry Paquet
- **Comment**: ACM Document Engineering, France (2012)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Newspapers are documents made of news item and informative articles. They are not meant to be red iteratively: the reader can pick his items in any order he fancies. Ignoring this structural property, most digitized newspaper archives only offer access by issue or at best by page to their content. We have built a digitization workflow that automatically extracts newspaper articles from images, which allows indexing and retrieval of information at the article level. Our back-end system extracts the logical structure of the page to produce the informative units: the articles. Each image is labelled at the pixel level, through a machine learning based method, then the page logical structure is constructed up from there by the detection of structuring entities such as horizontal and vertical separators, titles and text lines. This logical structure is stored in a METS wrapper associated to the ALTO file produced by the system including the OCRed text. Our front-end system provides a web high definition visualisation of images, textual indexing and retrieval facilities, searching and reading at the article level. Articles transcriptions can be collaboratively corrected, which as a consequence allows for better indexing. We are currently testing our system on the archives of the Journal de Rouen, one of France eldest local newspaper. These 250 years of publication amount to 300 000 pages of very variable image quality and layout complexity. Test year 1808 can be consulted at plair.univ-rouen.fr.



### Blurred Image Classification based on Adaptive Dictionary
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.1029v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijma.2013.5101
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.1029v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-03 08:54:01+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-03 08:54:01+00:00
- **Authors**: Guangling Sun, Guoqing Li, Jie Yin
- **Comment**: 10 pages,2 figures
- **Journal**: The International Journal of Multimedia & Its Applications.
  5(1):1-9, 2013
- **Summary**: Two types of framework for blurred image classification based on adaptive dictionary are proposed. Given a blurred image, instead of image deblurring, the semantic category of the image is determined by blur insensitive sparse coefficients calculated depending on an adaptive dictionary. The dictionary is adaptive to the Point Spread Function (PSF) estimated from input blurred image. The PSF is assumed to be space invariant and inferred separately in one framework or updated combining with sparse coefficients calculation in an alternative and iterative algorithm in the other framework. The experiment has evaluated three types of blur, naming defocus blur, simple motion blur and camera shake blur. The experiment results confirm the effectiveness of the proposed frameworks.



### Robust Degraded Face Recognition Using Enhanced Local Frequency Descriptor and Multi-scale Competition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.1033v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.1033v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-03 09:02:51+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-03 09:02:51+00:00
- **Authors**: Guangling Sun, Guoqing Li, Xinpeng Zhang
- **Comment**: 7 pages,7 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Recognizing degraded faces from low resolution and blurred images are common yet challenging task. Local Frequency Descriptor (LFD) has been proved to be effective for this task yet it is extracted from a spatial neighborhood of a pixel of a frequency plane independently regardless of correlations between frequencies. In addition, it uses a fixed window size named single scale of short-term Frequency transform (STFT). To explore the frequency correlations and preserve low resolution and blur insensitive simultaneously, we propose Enhanced LFD in which information in space and frequency is jointly utilized so as to be more descriptive and discriminative than LFD. The multi-scale competition strategy that extracts multiple descriptors corresponding to multiple window sizes of STFT and take one corresponding to maximum confidence as the final recognition result. The experiments conducted on Yale and FERET databases demonstrate that promising results have been achieved by the proposed Enhanced LFD and multi-scale competition strategy.



### Evaluating Discussion Boards on BlackBoard as a Collaborative Learning Tool A Students Survey and Reflections
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.1230v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICEMT.2010.5657540
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CY
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.1230v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-03 20:31:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-03 20:31:39+00:00
- **Authors**: AbdelHameed A. Badawy, Michelle M. Hugue
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 12 tables, appears in proceedings of the IEEE International
  Conference on Education and Management Technology (ICEMT 2010), Cairo, Egypt
  November 2010. arXiv admin note: substantial text overlap with
  arXiv:1210.1178
- **Journal**: In proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Education
  and Management Technology (ICEMT 2010), pages 79 - 82, Cairo, Egypt November
  2010
- **Summary**: In this paper, we investigate how the students think of their experience in a junior level course that has a blackboard course presence where the students use the discussion boards extensively. A survey is set up through blackboard as a voluntary quiz and the student who participated were given a freebie point. The results and the participation were very interesting in terms of the feedback we got via open comments from the students as well as the statistics we gathered from the answers to the questions. The students have shown understanding and willingness to participate in pedagogy-enhancing endeavors.



