# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-10-29
### The fortresses of Ejin: an example of outlining a site from satellite images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.7631v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.7631v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-29 11:53:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-29 11:53:35+00:00
- **Authors**: Amelia Carolina Sparavigna
- **Comment**: Keywords: Satellite Imagery, Image processing, GIS, fortresses, China
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: From 1960's to 1970's, the Chinese Army built some fortified artificial hills. Some of them are located in the Inner Mongolia, Western China. These large fortresses are surrounded by moats. For some of them it is still possible to see earthworks, trenches and ditches, the planning of which could have a symbolic meaning. We can argue this result form their digital outlining, obtained after an image processing of satellite images, based on edge detection.



### Performance Evaluation of Different Techniques for texture Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.7669v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/csit.2012.2434
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.7669v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-29 14:05:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-29 14:05:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Pooja Maknikar
- **Comment**: Performance evaluation of Wavelet transform and Co-occurrence matrix
  method was done using energy as extracted feature on the basis of Time
  complexity and accuracy basis; pp.353-361,2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Texture is the term used to characterize the surface of a given object or phenomenon and is an important feature used in image processing and pattern recognition. Our aim is to compare various Texture analyzing methods and compare the results based on time complexity and accuracy of classification. The project describes texture classification using Wavelet Transform and Co occurrence Matrix. Comparison of features of a sample texture with database of different textures is performed. In wavelet transform we use the Haar, Symlets and Daubechies wavelets. We find that, thee Haar wavelet proves to be the most efficient method in terms of performance assessment parameters mentioned above. Comparison of Haar wavelet and Co-occurrence matrix method of classification also goes in the favor of Haar. Though the time requirement is high in the later method, it gives excellent results for classification accuracy except if the image is rotated.



