# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-10-28
### Resolution Enhancement of Range Images via Color-Image Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.7403v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.7403v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-28 05:27:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-28 05:27:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Arnav Bhavsar
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We report a method for super-resolution of range images. Our approach leverages the interpretation of LR image as sparse samples on the HR grid. Based on this interpretation, we demonstrate that our recently reported approach, which reconstructs dense range images from sparse range data by exploiting a registered colour image, can be applied for the task of resolution enhancement of range images. Our method only uses a single colour image in addition to the range observation in the super-resolution process. Using the proposed approach, we demonstrate super-resolution results for large factors (e.g. 4) with good localization accuracy.



### Recognizing Static Signs from the Brazilian Sign Language: Comparing Large-Margin Decision Directed Acyclic Graphs, Voting Support Vector Machines and Artificial Neural Networks
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.7461v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.7461v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-28 13:55:07+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-28 13:55:07+00:00
- **Authors**: César Roberto de Souza, Ednaldo Brigante Pizzolato, Mauro dos Santos Anjo
- **Comment**: 6 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we explore and detail our experiments in a high-dimensionality, multi-class image classification problem often found in the automatic recognition of Sign Languages. Here, our efforts are directed towards comparing the characteristics, advantages and drawbacks of creating and training Support Vector Machines disposed in a Directed Acyclic Graph and Artificial Neural Networks to classify signs from the Brazilian Sign Language (LIBRAS). We explore how the different heuristics, hyperparameters and multi-class decision schemes affect the performance, efficiency and ease of use for each classifier. We provide hyperparameter surface maps capturing accuracy and efficiency, comparisons between DDAGs and 1-vs-1 SVMs, and effects of heuristics when training ANNs with Resilient Backpropagation. We report statistically significant results using Cohen's Kappa statistic for contingency tables.



