# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-10-31
### On the Relation Between the Common Labelling and the Median Graph
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.8262v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/978-3-642-34166-31_2
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.8262v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-31 08:29:58+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-31 08:29:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Nicola Rebagliati, Albert Solé-Ribalta, Marcello Pelillo, Francesc Serratosa
- **Comment**: 12 pages, 2 figures. Published in Structural, Syntactic, And
  Statistical Pattern Recognition Lecture Notes in Computer Science, 2012. The
  original publication is available at
  http://www.springerlink.com/content/e524g4483g146383/
- **Journal**: Lecture Notes in Computer Science, 2012, Volume 7626/2012, 107-115
- **Summary**: In structural pattern recognition, given a set of graphs, the computation of a Generalized Median Graph is a well known problem. Some methods approach the problem by assuming a relation between the Generalized Median Graph and the Common Labelling problem. However, this relation has still not been formally proved. In this paper, we analyse such relation between both problems. The main result proves that the cost of the common labelling upper-bounds the cost of the median with respect to the given set. In addition, we show that the two problems are equivalent in some cases.



### Mugshot Identification from Manipulated Facial Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.8318v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.8318v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-31 12:55:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-31 12:55:57+00:00
- **Authors**: H. R. Chennamma, Lalitha Rangarajan
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 5 figures, 1 table, journal. arXiv admin note: substantial
  text overlap with arXiv:1106.4907
- **Journal**: International Journal of Machine Intelligence, Volume 4, Issue 1,
  pp. 407, 2012
- **Summary**: Editing on digital images is ubiquitous. Identification of deliberately modified facial images is a new challenge for face identification system. In this paper, we address the problem of identification of a face or person from heavily altered facial images. In this face identification problem, the input to the system is a manipulated or transformed face image and the system reports back the determined identity from a database of known individuals. Such a system can be useful in mugshot identification in which mugshot database contains two views (frontal and profile) of each criminal. We considered only frontal view from the available database for face identification and the query image is a manipulated face generated by face transformation software tool available online. We propose SIFT features for efficient face identification in this scenario. Further comparative analysis has been given with well known eigenface approach. Experiments have been conducted with real case images to evaluate the performance of both methods.



### Dimensionality Reduction and Classification Feature Using Mutual Information Applied to Hyperspectral Images: A Wrapper Strategy Algorithm Based on Minimizing the Error Probability Using the Inequality of Fano
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1211.0055v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1211.0055v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-31 23:30:59+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-31 23:30:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Elkebir Sarhrouni, Ahmed Hammouch, Driss Aboutajdine
- **Comment**: 12 page, 5 figures. arXiv admin note: substantial text overlap with
  arXiv:1210.0528, arXiv:1210.0052
- **Journal**: Applied Mathematical Sciences, Vol. 6, 2012, no. 102, 5073 - 5084
- **Summary**: In the feature classification domain, the choice of data affects widely the results. For the Hyperspectral image, the bands dont all contain the information; some bands are irrelevant like those affected by various atmospheric effects, see Figure.4, and decrease the classification accuracy. And there exist redundant bands to complicate the learning system and product incorrect prediction [14]. Even the bands contain enough information about the scene they may can't predict the classes correctly if the dimension of space images, see Figure.3, is so large that needs many cases to detect the relationship between the bands and the scene (Hughes phenomenon) [10]. We can reduce the dimensionality of hyperspectral images by selecting only the relevant bands (feature selection or subset selection methodology), or extracting, from the original bands, new bands containing the maximal information about the classes, using any functions, logical or numerical (feature extraction methodology) [11][9]. Here we focus on the feature selection using mutual information. Hyperspectral images have three advantages regarding the multispectral images [6],



