# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-10-20
### Efficient Inference in Fully Connected CRFs with Gaussian Edge Potentials
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.5644v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.5644v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-20 17:41:23+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-20 17:41:23+00:00
- **Authors**: Philipp Krähenbühl, Vladlen Koltun
- **Comment**: NIPS 2011
- **Journal**: Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 24 (2011)
  109-117
- **Summary**: Most state-of-the-art techniques for multi-class image segmentation and labeling use conditional random fields defined over pixels or image regions. While region-level models often feature dense pairwise connectivity, pixel-level models are considerably larger and have only permitted sparse graph structures. In this paper, we consider fully connected CRF models defined on the complete set of pixels in an image. The resulting graphs have billions of edges, making traditional inference algorithms impractical. Our main contribution is a highly efficient approximate inference algorithm for fully connected CRF models in which the pairwise edge potentials are defined by a linear combination of Gaussian kernels. Our experiments demonstrate that dense connectivity at the pixel level substantially improves segmentation and labeling accuracy.



### Identifications of concealed weapon in a Human Body
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.5653v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.5653v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-20 20:37:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-20 20:37:22+00:00
- **Authors**: Prof. Samir K. Bandyopadhyay, Biswajita Datta, Sudipta Roy
- **Comment**: 6 pages, International Journal of Scientific & Engineering Research
  (ISSN 2229-5518) 2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The detection of weapons concealed underneath a person cloths is very much important to the improvement of the security of the public as well as the safety of public assets like airports, buildings and railway stations etc.



