# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-10-10
### An anisotropy preserving metric for DTI processing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.2826v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.DG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.2826v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-10 08:25:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-10 08:25:32+00:00
- **Authors**: Anne Collard, Silvère Bonnabel, Christophe Phillips, Rodolphe Sepulchre
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Statistical analysis of Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI) data requires a computational framework that is both numerically tractable (to account for the high dimensional nature of the data) and geometric (to account for the nonlinear nature of diffusion tensors). Building upon earlier studies that have shown that a Riemannian framework is appropriate to address these challenges, the present paper proposes a novel metric and an accompanying computational framework for DTI data processing. The proposed metric retains the geometry and the computational tractability of earlier methods grounded in the affine invariant metric. In addition, and in contrast to earlier methods, it provides an interpolation method which preserves anisotropy, a central information carried by diffusion tensor data.



### Kinects and Human Kinetics: A New Approach for Studying Crowd Behavior
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.2838v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.soc-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.2838v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-10 09:06:04+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-10 09:06:04+00:00
- **Authors**: Stefan Seer, Norbert Brändle, Carlo Ratti
- **Comment**: Preprint submitted to Transportation Research Part C: Emerging
  Technologies, September 11, 2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Modeling crowd behavior relies on accurate data of pedestrian movements at a high level of detail. Imaging sensors such as cameras provide a good basis for capturing such detailed pedestrian motion data. However, currently available computer vision technologies, when applied to conventional video footage, still cannot automatically unveil accurate motions of groups of people or crowds from the image sequences. We present a novel data collection approach for studying crowd behavior which uses the increasingly popular low-cost sensor Microsoft Kinect. The Kinect captures both standard camera data and a three-dimensional depth map. Our human detection and tracking algorithm is based on agglomerative clustering of depth data captured from an elevated view - in contrast to the lateral view used for gesture recognition in Kinect gaming applications. Our approach transforms local Kinect 3D data to a common world coordinate system in order to stitch together human trajectories from multiple Kinects, which allows for a scalable and flexible capturing area. At a testbed with real-world pedestrian traffic we demonstrate that our approach can provide accurate trajectories from three Kinects with a Pedestrian Detection Rate of up to 94% and a Multiple Object Tracking Precision of 4 cm. Using a comprehensive dataset of 2240 captured human trajectories we calibrate three variations of the Social Force model. The results of our model validations indicate their particular ability to reproduce the observed crowd behavior in microscopic simulations.



### Efficient Solution to the 3D Problem of Automatic Wall Paintings Reassembly
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.2877v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.bbr.2011.03.031
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.DG, 49J40, 53A05, 68U99, 68T10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.2877v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-10 11:41:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-10 11:41:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Constantin Papaodysseus, Dimitris Arabadjis, Michalis Exarhos, Panayiotis Rousopoulos, Solomon Zannos, Michail Panagopoulos, Lena Papazoglou-Manioudaki
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Mathematics & Computers with Applications, vol. 64, pp. 2712-2734,
  2012
- **Summary**: This paper introduces a new approach for the automated reconstruction - reassembly of fragmented objects having one surface near to plane, on the basis of the 3D representation of their constituent fragments. The whole process starts by 3D scanning of the available fragments. The obtained representations are properly processed so that they can be tested for possible matches. Next, four novel criteria are introduced, that lead to the determination of pairs of matching fragments. These criteria have been chosen so as the whole process imitates the instinctive reassembling method dedicated scholars apply. The first criterion exploits the volume of the gap between two properly placed fragments. The second one considers the fragments' overlapping in each possible matching position. Criteria 3,4 employ principles from calculus of variations to obtain bounds for the area and the mean curvature of the contact surfaces and the length of contact curves, which must hold if the two fragments match. The method has been applied, with great success, both in the reconstruction of objects artificially broken by the authors and, most importantly, in the virtual reassembling of parts of wall paintings belonging to the Mycenaic civilization (c. 1300 B.C.), excavated in a highly fragmented condition in Tyrins, Greece.



