# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-10-12
### A polygon-based interpolation operator for super-resolution imaging
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.3404v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.3404v2)
- **Published**: 2012-10-12 00:31:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-15 20:47:33+00:00
- **Authors**: Stéfan J. van der Walt, B. M. Herbst
- **Comment**: 10 pages; update typo in abstract
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We outline the super-resolution reconstruction problem posed as a maximization of probability. We then introduce an interpolation method based on polygonal pixel overlap, express it as a linear operator, and use it to improve reconstruction. Polygon interpolation outperforms the simpler bilinear interpolation operator and, unlike Gaussian modeling of pixels, requires no parameter estimation. A free software implementation that reproduces the results shown is provided.



### Notes on image annotation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1210.3448v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.HC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1210.3448v1)
- **Published**: 2012-10-12 07:52:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-12 07:52:38+00:00
- **Authors**: Adela Barriuso, Antonio Torralba
- **Comment**: 15 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We are under the illusion that seeing is effortless, but frequently the visual system is lazy and makes us believe that we understand something when in fact we don't. Labeling a picture forces us to become aware of the difficulties underlying scene understanding. Suddenly, the act of seeing is not effortless anymore. We have to make an effort in order to understand parts of the picture that we neglected at first glance.   In this report, an expert image annotator relates her experience on segmenting and labeling tens of thousands of images. During this process, the notes she took try to highlight the difficulties encountered, the solutions adopted, and the decisions made in order to get a consistent set of annotations. Those annotations constitute the SUN database.



