# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-05-15
### On Design and Implementation of the Distributed Modular Audio Recognition Framework: Requirements and Specification Design Document
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0905.2459v2
- **DOI**: 10.1007/978-90-481-3662-9_72
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.DC, cs.MM, cs.NE, cs.SD, C.2.4; I.5; I.2.6; D.2.10; D.2.11; D.2.5; D.2.2; I.2.7
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0905.2459v2)
- **Published**: 2009-05-15 02:52:28+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-07-26 23:16:29+00:00
- **Authors**: Serguei A. Mokhov
- **Comment**: 53 pages, 8 figures, 2 tables. A 2006 report on software design and
  implementation of Distributed MARF, which is a distributed extension of
  classical MARF documented at arXiv:0905.1235 . Parts are to appear at the
  CISSE'08 conference (Springer). The content of the document and code are
  open-source and released at http://marf.sf.net ; v2 adds missing .ind file
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present the requirements and design specification of the open-source Distributed Modular Audio Recognition Framework (DMARF), a distributed extension of MARF. The distributed version aggregates a number of distributed technologies (e.g. Java RMI, CORBA, Web Services) in a pluggable and modular model along with the provision of advanced distributed systems algorithms. We outline the associated challenges incurred during the design and implementation as well as overall specification of the project and its advantages and limitations.



### Generalized Kernel-based Visual Tracking
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0905.2463v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0905.2463v2)
- **Published**: 2009-05-15 03:26:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-06-07 04:35:37+00:00
- **Authors**: Chunhua Shen, Junae Kim, Hanzi Wang
- **Comment**: 12 pages
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Technology,
  2010
- **Summary**: In this work we generalize the plain MS trackers and attempt to overcome standard mean shift trackers' two limitations.   It is well known that modeling and maintaining a representation of a target object is an important component of a successful visual tracker.   However, little work has been done on building a robust template model for kernel-based MS tracking. In contrast to building a template from a single frame, we train a robust object representation model from a large amount of data. Tracking is viewed as a binary classification problem, and a discriminative classification rule is learned to distinguish between the object and background. We adopt a support vector machine (SVM) for training. The tracker is then implemented by maximizing the classification score. An iterative optimization scheme very similar to MS is derived for this purpose.



### Point-Set Registration: Coherent Point Drift
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0905.2635v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TPAMI.2010.46
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0905.2635v1)
- **Published**: 2009-05-15 22:28:00+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-05-15 22:28:00+00:00
- **Authors**: Andriy Myronenko, Xubo Song
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE Trans. on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, vol. 32,
  issue 12, pp. 2262-2275
- **Summary**: Point set registration is a key component in many computer vision tasks. The goal of point set registration is to assign correspondences between two sets of points and to recover the transformation that maps one point set to the other. Multiple factors, including an unknown non-rigid spatial transformation, large dimensionality of point set, noise and outliers, make the point set registration a challenging problem. We introduce a probabilistic method, called the Coherent Point Drift (CPD) algorithm, for both rigid and non-rigid point set registration. We consider the alignment of two point sets as a probability density estimation problem. We fit the GMM centroids (representing the first point set) to the data (the second point set) by maximizing the likelihood. We force the GMM centroids to move coherently as a group to preserve the topological structure of the point sets. In the rigid case, we impose the coherence constraint by re-parametrization of GMM centroid locations with rigid parameters and derive a closed form solution of the maximization step of the EM algorithm in arbitrary dimensions. In the non-rigid case, we impose the coherence constraint by regularizing the displacement field and using the variational calculus to derive the optimal transformation. We also introduce a fast algorithm that reduces the method computation complexity to linear. We test the CPD algorithm for both rigid and non-rigid transformations in the presence of noise, outliers and missing points, where CPD shows accurate results and outperforms current state-of-the-art methods.



