# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-10-07
### Hierarchical Sparse and Collaborative Low-Rank Representation for Emotion Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.1606v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICASSP.2015.7178684
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.1606v2)
- **Published**: 2014-10-07 03:45:20+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-04-01 18:02:33+00:00
- **Authors**: Xiang Xiang, Minh Dao, Gregory D. Hager, Trac D. Tran
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 5 figures; accepted to IEEE ICASSP 2015; programs available
  at https://github.com/eglxiang/icassp15_emotion/
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we design a Collaborative-Hierarchical Sparse and Low-Rank (C-HiSLR) model that is natural for recognizing human emotion in visual data. Previous attempts require explicit expression components, which are often unavailable and difficult to recover. Instead, our model exploits the lowrank property over expressive facial frames and rescue inexact sparse representations by incorporating group sparsity. For the CK+ dataset, C-HiSLR on raw expressive faces performs as competitive as the Sparse Representation based Classification (SRC) applied on manually prepared emotions. C-HiSLR performs even better than SRC in terms of true positive rate.



### Mumford-Shah and Potts Regularization for Manifold-Valued Data with Applications to DTI and Q-Ball Imaging
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.1699v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s10851-015-0628-2
- **Categories**: **math.NA**, cs.CV, math.OC, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.1699v1)
- **Published**: 2014-10-07 11:59:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-10-07 11:59:14+00:00
- **Authors**: Andreas Weinmann, Laurent Demaret, Martin Storath
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Mumford-Shah and Potts functionals are powerful variational models for regularization which are widely used in signal and image processing; typical applications are edge-preserving denoising and segmentation. Being both non-smooth and non-convex, they are computationally challenging even for scalar data. For manifold-valued data, the problem becomes even more involved since typical features of vector spaces are not available. In this paper, we propose algorithms for Mumford-Shah and for Potts regularization of manifold-valued signals and images. For the univariate problems, we derive solvers based on dynamic programming combined with (convex) optimization techniques for manifold-valued data. For the class of Cartan-Hadamard manifolds (which includes the data space in diffusion tensor imaging), we show that our algorithms compute global minimizers for any starting point. For the multivariate Mumford-Shah and Potts problems (for image regularization) we propose a splitting into suitable subproblems which we can solve exactly using the techniques developed for the corresponding univariate problems. Our method does not require any a priori restrictions on the edge set and we do not have to discretize the data space. We apply our method to diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) as well as Q-ball imaging. Using the DTI model, we obtain a segmentation of the corpus callosum.



