# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-10-08
### Deep Representations for Iris, Face, and Fingerprint Spoofing Detection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.1980v3
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIFS.2015.2398817
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.1980v3)
- **Published**: 2014-10-08 04:42:01+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-01-29 21:42:21+00:00
- **Authors**: David Menotti, Giovani Chiachia, Allan Pinto, William Robson Schwartz, Helio Pedrini, Alexandre Xavier Falcao, Anderson Rocha
- **Comment**: Pre-print of article that will appear in the IEEE Transactions on
  Information Forenseics and Security (T.IFS), Special Issue on Biometric
  Spoofing and Countermeasures, vol 10, n. 4, April 2015
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Biometrics systems have significantly improved person identification and authentication, playing an important role in personal, national, and global security. However, these systems might be deceived (or "spoofed") and, despite the recent advances in spoofing detection, current solutions often rely on domain knowledge, specific biometric reading systems, and attack types. We assume a very limited knowledge about biometric spoofing at the sensor to derive outstanding spoofing detection systems for iris, face, and fingerprint modalities based on two deep learning approaches. The first approach consists of learning suitable convolutional network architectures for each domain, while the second approach focuses on learning the weights of the network via back-propagation. We consider nine biometric spoofing benchmarks --- each one containing real and fake samples of a given biometric modality and attack type --- and learn deep representations for each benchmark by combining and contrasting the two learning approaches. This strategy not only provides better comprehension of how these approaches interplay, but also creates systems that exceed the best known results in eight out of the nine benchmarks. The results strongly indicate that spoofing detection systems based on convolutional networks can be robust to attacks already known and possibly adapted, with little effort, to image-based attacks that are yet to come.



### Introducing SLAMBench, a performance and accuracy benchmarking methodology for SLAM
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.2167v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICRA.2015.7140009
- **Categories**: **cs.RO**, cs.CV, cs.DC, cs.PF
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.2167v2)
- **Published**: 2014-10-08 15:34:43+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-02-26 16:28:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Luigi Nardi, Bruno Bodin, M. Zeeshan Zia, John Mawer, Andy Nisbet, Paul H. J. Kelly, Andrew J. Davison, Mikel Luján, Michael F. P. O'Boyle, Graham Riley, Nigel Topham, Steve Furber
- **Comment**: 8 pages, ICRA 2015 conference paper
- **Journal**: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/articleDetails.jsp?arnumber=7140009
  IEEE Xplore 2015
- **Summary**: Real-time dense computer vision and SLAM offer great potential for a new level of scene modelling, tracking and real environmental interaction for many types of robot, but their high computational requirements mean that use on mass market embedded platforms is challenging. Meanwhile, trends in low-cost, low-power processing are towards massive parallelism and heterogeneity, making it difficult for robotics and vision researchers to implement their algorithms in a performance-portable way. In this paper we introduce SLAMBench, a publicly-available software framework which represents a starting point for quantitative, comparable and validatable experimental research to investigate trade-offs in performance, accuracy and energy consumption of a dense RGB-D SLAM system. SLAMBench provides a KinectFusion implementation in C++, OpenMP, OpenCL and CUDA, and harnesses the ICL-NUIM dataset of synthetic RGB-D sequences with trajectory and scene ground truth for reliable accuracy comparison of different implementation and algorithms. We present an analysis and breakdown of the constituent algorithmic elements of KinectFusion, and experimentally investigate their execution time on a variety of multicore and GPUaccelerated platforms. For a popular embedded platform, we also present an analysis of energy efficiency for different configuration alternatives.



