# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-10-30
### A Solution for Multi-Alignment by Transformation Synchronisation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.8546v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/CVPR.2015.7298828
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.8546v2)
- **Published**: 2014-10-30 20:29:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-04-14 16:19:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Florian Bernard, Johan Thunberg, Peter Gemmar, Frank Hertel, Andreas Husch, Jorge Goncalves
- **Comment**: Accepted for CVPR 2015 (please cite CVPR version)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The alignment of a set of objects by means of transformations plays an important role in computer vision. Whilst the case for only two objects can be solved globally, when multiple objects are considered usually iterative methods are used. In practice the iterative methods perform well if the relative transformations between any pair of objects are free of noise. However, if only noisy relative transformations are available (e.g. due to missing data or wrong correspondences) the iterative methods may fail.   Based on the observation that the underlying noise-free transformations can be retrieved from the null space of a matrix that can directly be obtained from pairwise alignments, this paper presents a novel method for the synchronisation of pairwise transformations such that they are transitively consistent.   Simulations demonstrate that for noisy transformations, a large proportion of missing data and even for wrong correspondence assignments the method delivers encouraging results.



### An ensemble-based system for automatic screening of diabetic retinopathy
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.8576v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.knosys.2013.12.023
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.AP, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.8576v1)
- **Published**: 2014-10-30 22:14:18+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-10-30 22:14:18+00:00
- **Authors**: Balint Antal, Andras Hajdu
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Knowledge-Based Systems, Elsevier, Volume 60, April 2014, Pages
  20-27
- **Summary**: In this paper, an ensemble-based method for the screening of diabetic retinopathy (DR) is proposed. This approach is based on features extracted from the output of several retinal image processing algorithms, such as image-level (quality assessment, pre-screening, AM/FM), lesion-specific (microaneurysms, exudates) and anatomical (macula, optic disc) components. The actual decision about the presence of the disease is then made by an ensemble of machine learning classifiers. We have tested our approach on the publicly available Messidor database, where 90% sensitivity, 91% specificity and 90% accuracy and 0.989 AUC are achieved in a disease/no-disease setting. These results are highly competitive in this field and suggest that retinal image processing is a valid approach for automatic DR screening.



### An Ensemble-based System for Microaneurysm Detection and Diabetic Retinopathy Grading
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.8577v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TBME.2012.2193126
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI, stat.AP, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.8577v1)
- **Published**: 2014-10-30 22:21:02+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-10-30 22:21:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Balint Antal, Andras Hajdu
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering, vol.59, no.6, pp.
  1720-1726, June 2012
- **Summary**: Reliable microaneurysm detection in digital fundus images is still an open issue in medical image processing. We propose an ensemble-based framework to improve microaneurysm detection. Unlike the well-known approach of considering the output of multiple classifiers, we propose a combination of internal components of microaneurysm detectors, namely preprocessing methods and candidate extractors. We have evaluated our approach for microaneurysm detection in an online competition, where this algorithm is currently ranked as first and also on two other databases. Since microaneurysm detection is decisive in diabetic retinopathy grading, we also tested the proposed method for this task on the publicly available Messidor database, where a promising AUC 0.90 with 0.01 uncertainty is achieved in a 'DR/non-DR'-type classification based on the presence or absence of the microaneurysms.



### DeepSentiBank: Visual Sentiment Concept Classification with Deep Convolutional Neural Networks
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.8586v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, cs.MM, cs.NE, H.3.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.8586v1)
- **Published**: 2014-10-30 22:57:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-10-30 22:57:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Tao Chen, Damian Borth, Trevor Darrell, Shih-Fu Chang
- **Comment**: 7 pages, 4 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper introduces a visual sentiment concept classification method based on deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs). The visual sentiment concepts are adjective noun pairs (ANPs) automatically discovered from the tags of web photos, and can be utilized as effective statistical cues for detecting emotions depicted in the images. Nearly one million Flickr images tagged with these ANPs are downloaded to train the classifiers of the concepts. We adopt the popular model of deep convolutional neural networks which recently shows great performance improvement on classifying large-scale web-based image dataset such as ImageNet. Our deep CNNs model is trained based on Caffe, a newly developed deep learning framework. To deal with the biased training data which only contains images with strong sentiment and to prevent overfitting, we initialize the model with the model weights trained from ImageNet. Performance evaluation shows the newly trained deep CNNs model SentiBank 2.0 (or called DeepSentiBank) is significantly improved in both annotation accuracy and retrieval performance, compared to its predecessors which mainly use binary SVM classification models.



