# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-12-21
### On the Adaptability of Neural Network Image Super-Resolution
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.5352v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1212.5352v1)
- **Published**: 2012-12-21 07:30:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-12-21 07:30:38+00:00
- **Authors**: Kah Keong Chua, Yong Haur Tay
- **Comment**: Image Super Resolution, Neural Network, Multilayer Perceptron, Mean
  Squared Error, Peak Signal-to-Noise Ratio, Structural Similarity Index
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we described and developed a framework for Multilayer Perceptron (MLP) to work on low level image processing, where MLP will be used to perform image super-resolution. Meanwhile, MLP are trained with different types of images from various categories, hence analyse the behaviour and performance of the neural network. The tests are carried out using qualitative test, in which Mean Squared Error (MSE), Peak Signal-to-Noise Ratio (PSNR) and Structural Similarity Index (SSIM). The results showed that MLP trained with single image category can perform reasonably well compared to methods proposed by other researchers.



### In Vivo Quantification of Clot Formation in Extracorporeal Circuits
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.5454v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1212.5454v1)
- **Published**: 2012-12-21 14:20:05+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-12-21 14:20:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Omid David, Rabin Gerrah
- **Comment**: In Proceedings of 20th NextMed Medicine Meets Virtual Reality
  Conference (NextMed / MMVR20), San Diego, CA, February 2013
- **Journal**: Studies in Health Technology and Informatics, Vol. 184, pp.
  148--150, January 2013
- **Summary**: Clot formation is a common complication in extracorporeal circuits. In this paper we describe a novel method for clot formation analysis using image processing. We assembled a closed extracorporeal circuit and circulated blood at varying speeds. Blood filters were placed in downstream of the flow, and clotting agents were added to the circuit. Digital images of the filter were subsequently taken, and image analysis was applied to calculate the density of the clot. Our results show a significant correlation between the cumulative size of the clots, the density measure of the clot based on image analysis, and flow duration in the system.



