# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-12-06
### Autonomous Navigation by Robust Scan Matching Technique
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.1313v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1212.1313v1)
- **Published**: 2012-12-06 12:53:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-12-06 12:53:26+00:00
- **Authors**: Debajyoti Banerji, Ranjit Ray, Jhankar Basu, Indrajit Basak
- **Comment**: 7 pages, 9 figures
- **Journal**: INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY AND CREATIVE
  ENGINEERING (ISSN:2045-8711), VOL.2 NO.10 OCTOBER 2012
- **Summary**: For effective autonomous navigation,estimation of the pose of the robot is essential at every sampling time. For computing an accurate estimation,odometric error needs to be reduced with the help of data from external sensor. In this work, a technique has been developed for accurate pose estimation of mobile robot by using Laser Range data. The technique is robust to noisy data, which may contain considerable amount of outliers. A grey image is formed from laser range data and the key points from this image are extracted by Harris corner detector. The matching of the key points from consecutive data sets have been done while outliers have been rejected by RANSAC method. Robot state is measured by the correspondence between the two sets of keypoints. Finally, optimal robot state is estimated by Extended Kalman Filter. The technique has been applied to an operational robot in the laboratory environment to show the robustness of the technique in presence of noisy sensor data. The performance of this new technique has been compared with that of conventional ICP method. Through this method, effective and accurate navigation has been achieved even in presence of substantial noise in the sensor data at the cost of a small amount of additional computational complexity.



### Automatic Detection of Texture Defects Using Texture-Periodicity and Gabor Wavelets
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.1329v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 65D19, 65T60, 11K70, 62H30, I.0; I.2.10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1212.1329v1)
- **Published**: 2012-12-06 14:17:21+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-12-06 14:17:21+00:00
- **Authors**: V. Asha, N. U. Bhajantri, P. Nagabhushan
- **Comment**: 06 Pages, 04 Figures, ICIP 2011
- **Journal**: CCIS 157, Computer Networks and Intelligent Computing, Part 9, pp.
  548-553, Springer-Verlag, Berlin Heidelberg, 2011
- **Summary**: In this paper, we propose a machine vision algorithm for automatically detecting defects in textures belonging to 16 out of 17 wallpaper groups using texture-periodicity and a family of Gabor wavelets. Input defective images are subjected to Gabor wavelet transformation in multi-scales and multi-orientations and a resultant image is obtained in L2 norm. The resultant image is split into several periodic blocks and energy of each block is used as a feature space to automatically identify defective and defect-free blocks using Ward's hierarchical clustering. Experiments on defective fabric images of three major wallpaper groups, namely, pmm, p2 and p4m, show that the proposed method is robust in finding fabric defects without human intervention and can be used for automatic defect detection in fabric industries.



