# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-12-14
### A Novel Directional Weighted Minimum Deviation (DWMD) Based Filter for Removal of Random Valued Impulse Noise
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.3373v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1212.3373v1)
- **Published**: 2012-12-14 00:13:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-12-14 00:13:11+00:00
- **Authors**: J. K. Mandal, Somnath Mukhopadhyay
- **Comment**: 7 page paper in Proceeding of International Conference on Computing
  and Systems ICCS 2010, ISBN 93-80813-01-5, pp 151-155, University of Burdwan,
  19th, 20th November, 2010
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The most median-based de noising methods works fine for restoring the images corrupted by Randomn Valued Impulse Noise with low noise level but very poor with highly corrupted images. In this paper a directional weighted minimum deviation (DWMD) based filter has been proposed for removal of high random valued impulse noise (RVIN). The proposed approach based on Standard Deviation (SD) works in two phases. The first phase detects the contaminated pixels by differencing between the test pixel and its neighbor pixels aligned with four main directions. The second phase filters only those pixels keeping others intact. The filtering scheme is based on minimum standard deviation of the four directional pixels. Extensive simulations show that the proposed filter not only provide better performance of de noising RVIN but can preserve more details features even thin lines or dots. This technique shows better performance in terms of PSNR, Image Fidelity and Computational Cost compared to the existing filters.



### Approximating rational Bezier curves by constrained Bezier curves of arbitrary degree
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.3385v4
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **math.NA**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1212.3385v4)
- **Published**: 2012-12-14 02:56:30+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-09-13 04:33:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Mao Shi, Jiansong Deng
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we propose a method to obtain a constrained approximation of a rational B\'{e}zier curve by a polynomial B\'{e}zier curve. This problem is reformulated as an approximation problem between two polynomial B\'{e}zier curves based on weighted least-squares method, where weight functions $\rho(t)=\omega(t)$ and $\rho(t)=\omega(t)^{2}$ are studied respectively. The efficiency of the proposed method is tested using some examples.



### A Multi-Orientation Analysis Approach to Retinal Vessel Tracking
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.3530v5
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s10851-013-0488-6
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1212.3530v5)
- **Published**: 2012-12-14 17:04:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-30 10:17:35+00:00
- **Authors**: Erik Bekkers, Remco Duits, Tos Berendschot, Bart ter Haar Romeny
- **Comment**: Accepted at JMIV. The final publication will become available at
  springerlink.com
- **Journal**: Journal of Mathematical Imaging and Vision 49(3) (2014) 583-610
- **Summary**: This paper presents a method for retinal vasculature extraction based on biologically inspired multi-orientation analysis. We apply multi-orientation analysis via so-called invertible orientation scores, modeling the cortical columns in the visual system of higher mammals. This allows us to generically deal with many hitherto complex problems inherent to vessel tracking, such as crossings, bifurcations, parallel vessels, vessels of varying widths and vessels with high curvature. Our approach applies tracking in invertible orientation scores via a novel geometrical principle for curve optimization in the Euclidean motion group SE(2). The method runs fully automatically and provides a detailed model of the retinal vasculature, which is crucial as a sound basis for further quantitative analysis of the retina, especially in screening applications.



