# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-12-05
### Computing Consensus Curves
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.0935v5
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CG**, cs.CV, cs.GT, cs.MA
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1212.0935v5)
- **Published**: 2012-12-05 05:52:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-05-14 22:57:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Livio De La Cruz, Stephen Kobourov, Sergey Pupyrev, Paul Shen, Sankar Veeramoni
- **Comment**: 15 pages, 8 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We consider the problem of extracting accurate average ant trajectories from many (possibly inaccurate) input trajectories contributed by citizen scientists. Although there are many generic software tools for motion tracking and specific ones for insect tracking, even untrained humans are much better at this task, provided a robust method to computing the average trajectories. We implemented and tested several local (one ant at a time) and global (all ants together) method. Our best performing algorithm uses a novel global method, based on finding edge-disjoint paths in an ant-interaction graph constructed from the input trajectories. The underlying optimization problem is a new and interesting variant of network flow. Even though the problem is NP-hard, we implemented two heuristics, which work very well in practice, outperforming all other approaches, including the best automated system.



### Kernel Estimation from Salient Structure for Robust Motion Deblurring
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.1073v2
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.image.2013.05.001
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1212.1073v2)
- **Published**: 2012-12-05 16:02:43+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-05-24 09:11:31+00:00
- **Authors**: Jinshan Pan, Risheng Liu, Zhixun Su, Xianfeng Gu
- **Comment**: This work has been accepted by Signal Processing: Image
  Communication, 2013
- **Journal**: Signal Processing: Image Communication, 2013
- **Summary**: Blind image deblurring algorithms have been improving steadily in the past years. Most state-of-the-art algorithms, however, still cannot perform perfectly in challenging cases, especially in large blur setting. In this paper, we focus on how to estimate a good kernel estimate from a single blurred image based on the image structure. We found that image details caused by blurring could adversely affect the kernel estimation, especially when the blur kernel is large. One effective way to eliminate these details is to apply image denoising model based on the Total Variation (TV). First, we developed a novel method for computing image structures based on TV model, such that the structures undermining the kernel estimation will be removed. Second, to mitigate the possible adverse effect of salient edges and improve the robustness of kernel estimation, we applied a gradient selection method. Third, we proposed a novel kernel estimation method, which is capable of preserving the continuity and sparsity of the kernel and reducing the noises. Finally, we developed an adaptive weighted spatial prior, for the purpose of preserving sharp edges in latent image restoration. The effectiveness of our method is demonstrated by experiments on various kinds of challenging examples.



