# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-12-01
### Artificial Neural Network Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS) For Brain Tumor Detection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.0059v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1212.0059v1)
- **Published**: 2012-12-01 03:58:09+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-12-01 03:58:09+00:00
- **Authors**: Minakshi Sharma
- **Comment**: 5 pages
- **Journal**: IJFLS 2012
- **Summary**: Detection and segmentation of Brain tumor is very important because it provides anatomical information of normal and abnormal tissues which helps in treatment planning and patient follow-up. There are number of techniques for image segmentation. Proposed research work uses ANFIS (Artificial Neural Network Fuzzy Inference System) for image classification and then compares the results with FCM (Fuzzy C means) and K-NN (K-nearest neighbor). ANFIS includes benefits of both ANN and the fuzzy logic systems. A comprehensive feature set and fuzzy rules are selected to classify an abnormal image to the corresponding tumor type. Experimental results illustrate promising results in terms of classification accuracy. A comparative analysis is performed with the FCM and K-NN to show the superior nature of ANFIS systems.



### Fingertip Detection: A Fast Method with Natural Hand
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.0134v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1212.0134v1)
- **Published**: 2012-12-01 16:59:07+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-12-01 16:59:07+00:00
- **Authors**: J. L. Raheja, Karen Das, Ankit Chaudhary
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: International Journal of Embedded Systems and Computer
  Engineering, 2011
- **Summary**: Many vision based applications have used fingertips to track or manipulate gestures in their applications. Gesture identification is a natural way to pass the signals to the machine, as the human express its feelings most of the time with hand expressions. Here a novel time efficient algorithm has been described for fingertip detection. This method is invariant to hand direction and in preprocessing it cuts only hand part from the full image, hence further computation would be much faster than processing full image. Binary silhouette of the input image is generated using HSV color space based skin filter and hand cropping done based on intensity histogram of the hand image



### Pedestrian Detection with Unsupervised Multi-Stage Feature Learning
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.0142v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1212.0142v2)
- **Published**: 2012-12-01 18:13:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-02 18:05:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Pierre Sermanet, Koray Kavukcuoglu, Soumith Chintala, Yann LeCun
- **Comment**: 12 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Pedestrian detection is a problem of considerable practical interest. Adding to the list of successful applications of deep learning methods to vision, we report state-of-the-art and competitive results on all major pedestrian datasets with a convolutional network model. The model uses a few new twists, such as multi-stage features, connections that skip layers to integrate global shape information with local distinctive motif information, and an unsupervised method based on convolutional sparse coding to pre-train the filters at each stage.



