# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-05-28
### Higher-order Segmentation via Multicuts
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1305.6387v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1305.6387v3)
- **Published**: 2013-05-28 07:23:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-11-16 08:55:42+00:00
- **Authors**: Joerg Hendrik Kappes, Markus Speth, Gerhard Reinelt, Christoph Schnoerr
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Multicuts enable to conveniently represent discrete graphical models for unsupervised and supervised image segmentation, in the case of local energy functions that exhibit symmetries. The basic Potts model and natural extensions thereof to higher-order models provide a prominent class of such objectives, that cover a broad range of segmentation problems relevant to image analysis and computer vision. We exhibit a way to systematically take into account such higher-order terms for computational inference. Furthermore, we present results of a comprehensive and competitive numerical evaluation of a variety of dedicated cutting-plane algorithms. Our approach enables the globally optimal evaluation of a significant subset of these models, without compromising runtime. Polynomially solvable relaxations are studied as well, along with advanced rounding schemes for post-processing.



### Matrices of forests, analysis of networks, and ranking problems
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1305.6441v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.procs.2013.05.145
- **Categories**: **math.CO**, cs.CV, cs.DM, cs.NI, 05C50 05C05 91B10 62J15 90B15 60J10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1305.6441v1)
- **Published**: 2013-05-28 10:43:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-05-28 10:43:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Pavel Chebotarev, Rafig Agaev
- **Comment**: 8 pages. This article draws heavily from arXiv:math/0508171.
  Published in Proceedings of the First International Conference on Information
  Technology and Quantitative Management (ITQM 2013). This version contains
  some corrections and additions
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The matrices of spanning rooted forests are studied as a tool for analysing the structure of networks and measuring their properties. The problems of revealing the basic bicomponents, measuring vertex proximity, and ranking from preference relations / sports competitions are considered. It is shown that the vertex accessibility measure based on spanning forests has a number of desirable properties. An interpretation for the stochastic matrix of out-forests in terms of information dissemination is given.



### Active Sensing as Bayes-Optimal Sequential Decision Making
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1305.6650v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.AI**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1305.6650v1)
- **Published**: 2013-05-28 22:46:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-05-28 22:46:35+00:00
- **Authors**: Sheeraz Ahmad, Angela J. Yu
- **Comment**: Scheduled to appear in UAI 2013
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Sensory inference under conditions of uncertainty is a major problem in both machine learning and computational neuroscience. An important but poorly understood aspect of sensory processing is the role of active sensing. Here, we present a Bayes-optimal inference and control framework for active sensing, C-DAC (Context-Dependent Active Controller). Unlike previously proposed algorithms that optimize abstract statistical objectives such as information maximization (Infomax) [Butko & Movellan, 2010] or one-step look-ahead accuracy [Najemnik & Geisler, 2005], our active sensing model directly minimizes a combination of behavioral costs, such as temporal delay, response error, and effort. We simulate these algorithms on a simple visual search task to illustrate scenarios in which context-sensitivity is particularly beneficial and optimization with respect to generic statistical objectives particularly inadequate. Motivated by the geometric properties of the C-DAC policy, we present both parametric and non-parametric approximations, which retain context-sensitivity while significantly reducing computational complexity. These approximations enable us to investigate the more complex problem involving peripheral vision, and we notice that the difference between C-DAC and statistical policies becomes even more evident in this scenario.



