# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-05-04
### Dictionary learning based image enhancement for rarity detection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1305.0871v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1305.0871v2)
- **Published**: 2013-05-04 03:14:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-09-13 01:38:19+00:00
- **Authors**: Hui Li, Xiaomeng Wang, Weifeng Liu, Yanjiang Wang
- **Comment**: 4 pages, International Conferences on Signal Processing 2014
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Image enhancement is an important image processing technique that processes images suitably for a specific application e.g. image editing. The conventional solutions of image enhancement are grouped into two categories which are spatial domain processing method and transform domain processing method such as contrast manipulation, histogram equalization, homomorphic filtering. This paper proposes a new image enhance method based on dictionary learning. Particularly, the proposed method adjusts the image by manipulating the rarity of dictionary atoms. Firstly, learn the dictionary through sparse coding algorithms on divided sub-image blocks. Secondly, compute the rarity of dictionary atoms on statistics of the corresponding sparse coefficients. Thirdly, adjust the rarity according to specific application and form a new dictionary. Finally, reconstruct the image using the updated dictionary and sparse coefficients. Compared with the traditional techniques, the proposed method enhances image based on the image content not on distribution of pixel grey value or frequency. The advantages of the proposed method lie in that it is in better correspondence with the response of the human visual system and more suitable for salient objects extraction. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed image enhance method.



