# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-05-30
### A Local Active Contour Model for Image Segmentation with Intensity Inhomogeneity
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1305.7053v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1305.7053v1)
- **Published**: 2013-05-30 10:14:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-05-30 10:14:14+00:00
- **Authors**: Kaihua Zhang, Lei Zhang, Kin-Man Lam, David Zhang
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A novel locally statistical active contour model (ACM) for image segmentation in the presence of intensity inhomogeneity is presented in this paper. The inhomogeneous objects are modeled as Gaussian distributions of different means and variances, and a moving window is used to map the original image into another domain, where the intensity distributions of inhomogeneous objects are still Gaussian but are better separated. The means of the Gaussian distributions in the transformed domain can be adaptively estimated by multiplying a bias field with the original signal within the window. A statistical energy functional is then defined for each local region, which combines the bias field, the level set function, and the constant approximating the true signal of the corresponding object. Experiments on both synthetic and real images demonstrate the superiority of our proposed algorithm to state-of-the-art and representative methods.



### Lensless Imaging by Compressive Sensing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1305.7181v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICIP.2013.6738433
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1305.7181v1)
- **Published**: 2013-05-30 17:56:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-05-30 17:56:03+00:00
- **Authors**: Gang Huang, Hong Jiang, Kim Matthews, Paul Wilford
- **Comment**: Accepted ICIP 2013. 5 Pages, 7 Figures. arXiv admin note: substantial
  text overlap with arXiv:1302.1789
- **Journal**: IEEE International Conference on Image Processing, ICIP 2013,
  Paper #2393
- **Summary**: In this paper, we propose a lensless compressive imaging architecture. The architecture consists of two components, an aperture assembly and a sensor. No lens is used. The aperture assembly consists of a two dimensional array of aperture elements. The transmittance of each aperture element is independently controllable. The sensor is a single detection element. A compressive sensing matrix is implemented by adjusting the transmittance of the individual aperture elements according to the values of the sensing matrix. The proposed architecture is simple and reliable because no lens is used. The architecture can be used for capturing images of visible and other spectra such as infrared, or millimeter waves, in surveillance applications for detecting anomalies or extracting features such as speed of moving objects. Multiple sensors may be used with a single aperture assembly to capture multi-view images simultaneously. A prototype was built by using a LCD panel and a photoelectric sensor for capturing images of visible spectrum.



