# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-05-16
### Geometric primitive feature extraction - concepts, algorithms, and applications
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1305.3885v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1305.3885v1)
- **Published**: 2013-05-16 18:42:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-05-16 18:42:19+00:00
- **Authors**: Dilip K. Prasad
- **Comment**: 333 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This thesis presents important insights and concepts related to the topic of the extraction of geometric primitives from the edge contours of digital images. Three specific problems related to this topic have been studied, viz., polygonal approximation of digital curves, tangent estimation of digital curves, and ellipse fitting anddetection from digital curves. For the problem of polygonal approximation, two fundamental problems have been addressed. First, the nature of the performance evaluation metrics in relation to the local and global fitting characteristics has been studied. Second, an explicit error bound of the error introduced by digitizing a continuous line segment has been derived and used to propose a generic non-heuristic parameter independent framework which can be used in several dominant point detection methods. For the problem of tangent estimation for digital curves, a simple method of tangent estimation has been proposed. It is shown that the method has a definite upper bound of the error for conic digital curves. It has been shown that the method performs better than almost all (seventy two) existing tangent estimation methods for conic as well as several non-conic digital curves. For the problem of fitting ellipses on digital curves, a geometric distance minimization model has been considered. An unconstrained, linear, non-iterative, and numerically stable ellipse fitting method has been proposed and it has been shown that the proposed method has better selectivity for elliptic digital curves (high true positive and low false positive) as compared to several other ellipse fitting methods. For the problem of detecting ellipses in a set of digital curves, several innovative and fast pre-processing, grouping, and hypotheses evaluation concepts applicable for digital curves have been proposed and combined to form an ellipse detection method.



### Analysis Of Interest Points Of Curvelet Coefficients Contributions Of Microscopic Images And Improvement Of Edges
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1305.3939v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/sipij.2013.4201
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1305.3939v1)
- **Published**: 2013-05-16 21:25:54+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-05-16 21:25:54+00:00
- **Authors**: A. Djimeli, D. Tchiotsop, R. Tchinda
- **Comment**: 9 pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: Signal & Image Processing : An International Journal (SIPIJ)
  Vol.4, No.2, April 2013
- **Summary**: This paper focuses on improved edge model based on Curvelet coefficients analysis. Curvelet transform is a powerful tool for multiresolution representation of object with anisotropic edge. Curvelet coefficients contributions have been analyzed using Scale Invariant Feature Transform (SIFT), commonly used to study local structure in images. The permutation of Curvelet coefficients from original image and edges image obtained from gradient operator is used to improve original edges. Experimental results show that this method brings out details on edges when the decomposition scale increases.



