# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-05-07
### A new framework for optimal classifier design
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1305.1396v2
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.patcog.2013.01.006
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1305.1396v2)
- **Published**: 2013-05-07 04:05:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-09-12 16:09:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Matías Di Martino, Guzman Hernández, Marcelo Fiori, Alicia Fernández
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Pattern Recognition, Volume 46, Issue 8, August 2013, Pages
  2249-2255
- **Summary**: The use of alternative measures to evaluate classifier performance is gaining attention, specially for imbalanced problems. However, the use of these measures in the classifier design process is still unsolved. In this work we propose a classifier designed specifically to optimize one of these alternative measures, namely, the so-called F-measure. Nevertheless, the technique is general, and it can be used to optimize other evaluation measures. An algorithm to train the novel classifier is proposed, and the numerical scheme is tested with several databases, showing the optimality and robustness of the presented classifier.



### Standard Fingerprint Databases: Manual Minutiae Labeling and Matcher Performance Analyses
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1305.1443v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1305.1443v2)
- **Published**: 2013-05-07 09:03:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-05-08 07:43:13+00:00
- **Authors**: Mehmet Kayaoglu, Berkay Topcu, Umut Uludag
- **Comment**: 14 pages, 11 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Fingerprint verification and identification algorithms based on minutiae features are used in many biometric systems today (e.g., governmental e-ID programs, border control, AFIS, personal authentication for portable devices). Researchers in industry/academia are now able to utilize many publicly available fingerprint databases (e.g., Fingerprint Verification Competition (FVC) & NIST databases) to compare/evaluate their feature extraction and/or matching algorithm performances against those of others. The results from these evaluations are typically utilized by decision makers responsible for implementing the cited biometric systems, in selecting/tuning specific sensors, feature extractors and matchers. In this study, for a subset of the cited public fingerprint databases, we report fingerprint minutiae matching results, which are based on (i) minutiae extracted automatically from fingerprint images, and (ii) minutiae extracted manually by human subjects. By doing so, we are able to (i) quantitatively judge the performance differences between these two cases, (ii) elaborate on performance upper bounds of minutiae matching, utilizing what can be termed as "ground truth" minutiae features, (iii) analyze minutiae matching performance, without coupling it with the minutiae extraction performance beforehand. Further, as we will freely distribute the minutiae templates, originating from this manual labeling study, in a standard minutiae template exchange format (ISO 19794-2), we believe that other researchers in the biometrics community will be able to utilize the associated results & templates to create their own evaluations pertaining to their fingerprint minutiae extractors/matchers.



### GReTA - a novel Global and Recursive Tracking Algorithm in three dimensions
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1305.1495v3
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TPAMI.2015.2414427
- **Categories**: **q-bio.QM**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1305.1495v3)
- **Published**: 2013-05-07 12:45:30+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-04-17 16:36:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Alessandro Attanasi, Andrea Cavagna, Lorenzo Del Castello, Irene Giardina, Asja Jelic, Stefania Melillo, Leonardo Parisi, Fabio Pellacini, Edward Shen, Edmondo Silvestri, Massimiliano Viale
- **Comment**: 13 pages, 6 figures, 3 tables. Version 3 was slightly shortened, and
  new comprative results on the public datasets (thermal infrared videos of
  flying bats) by Z. Wu and coworkers (2014) were included. in A. Attanasi et
  al., "GReTA - A Novel Global and Recursive Tracking Algorithm in Three
  Dimensions", IEEE Trans. Pattern Anal. Mach. Intell., vol.37 (2015)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Tracking multiple moving targets allows quantitative measure of the dynamic behavior in systems as diverse as animal groups in biology, turbulence in fluid dynamics and crowd and traffic control. In three dimensions, tracking several targets becomes increasingly hard since optical occlusions are very likely, i.e. two featureless targets frequently overlap for several frames. Occlusions are particularly frequent in biological groups such as bird flocks, fish schools, and insect swarms, a fact that has severely limited collective animal behavior field studies in the past. This paper presents a 3D tracking method that is robust in the case of severe occlusions. To ensure robustness, we adopt a global optimization approach that works on all objects and frames at once. To achieve practicality and scalability, we employ a divide and conquer formulation, thanks to which the computational complexity of the problem is reduced by orders of magnitude. We tested our algorithm with synthetic data, with experimental data of bird flocks and insect swarms and with public benchmark datasets, and show that our system yields high quality trajectories for hundreds of moving targets with severe overlap. The results obtained on very heterogeneous data show the potential applicability of our method to the most diverse experimental situations.



### A Method for Visuo-Spatial Classification of Freehand Shapes Freely Sketched
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1305.1520v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1305.1520v1)
- **Published**: 2013-05-07 14:02:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-05-07 14:02:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Ney Renau-Ferrer, Céline Remi
- **Comment**: IPCV'10 - 14th International Conference on Image Processing, Computer
  Vision, \& Pattern Recognition, \'Etats-Unis (2010)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present the principle and the main steps of a new method for the visuo-spatial analysis of geometrical sketches recorded online. Visuo-spatial analysis is a necessary step for multi-level analysis. Multi-level analysis simultaneously allows classification, comparison or clustering of the constituent parts of a pattern according to their visuo-spatial properties, their procedural strategies, their structural or temporal parameters, or any combination of two or more of those parameters. The first results provided by this method concern the comparison of sketches to some perfect patterns of simple geometrical figures and the measure of dissimilarity between real sketches. The mean rates of good decision higher than 95% obtained are promising in both cases.



