# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-05-04
### Considerations and Results in Multimedia and DVB Application Development on Philips Nexperia Platform
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1105.0821v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1105.0821v1)
- **Published**: 2011-05-04 13:40:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-05-04 13:40:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Radu Arsinte, Ciprian Ilioaei
- **Comment**: 3 pages, 1 figure
- **Journal**: Scientific Bulletin of the "Politehnica" University Timi\c{s}oara,
  Transaction on Electronics and Telecomunications, Tom 49(63), Fascicola 2,
  2004, pag. 138-141
- **Summary**: This paper presents some experiments regarding applications development on high performance media processors included in Philips Nexperia Family. The PNX1302 dedicated DVB-T kit used has some limitations. Our work has succeeded to overcome these limitations and to make possible a general-purpose use of this kit. For exemplification two typical applications, important both for multimedia and DVB, are analyzed: MPEG2 video stream decoding and MP3 audio decoding. These original implementations are compared (in speed, memory requirements and costs) with Philips Nexperia Library.



### Streaming Multimedia Information Using the Features of the DVB-S Card
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1105.0826v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.MM**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1105.0826v1)
- **Published**: 2011-05-04 13:46:31+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-05-04 13:46:31+00:00
- **Authors**: Radu Arsinte, Eugen Lupu
- **Comment**: 4 pages, 5 figures
- **Journal**: Scientific Bulletin of the "Politehnica" University Timi\c{s}oara,
  Transaction on Electronics and Telecomunications, Tom 51(65), Fascicola 1-2,
  pag. 181-184, 2006
- **Summary**: This paper presents a study of audio-video streaming using the additional possibilities of a DVB-S card. The board used for experiments (Technisat SkyStar 2) is one of the most frequently used cards for this purpose. Using the main blocks of the board's software support it is possible the implement a really useful and full functional system for audio-video streaming. The streaming is possible to be implemented either for decoded MPEG stream or for transport stream. In this last case it is possible to view not only a program, but any program from the same multiplex. This allows us to implement



