# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-05-18
### Invariant Representative Cocycles of Cohomology Generators using Irregular Graph Pyramids
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1105.3559v4
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.cviu.2010.12.009
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1105.3559v4)
- **Published**: 2011-05-18 08:18:42+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-13 13:34:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Rocio Gonzalez-Diaz, Adrian Ion, Mabel Iglesias-Ham, Walter G. Kropatsch
- **Comment**: Special issue on Graph-Based Representations in Computer Vision
- **Journal**: Computer Vision and Image Understanding, Volume 115, Issue 7, July
  2011, Pages 1011-1022
- **Summary**: Structural pattern recognition describes and classifies data based on the relationships of features and parts. Topological invariants, like the Euler number, characterize the structure of objects of any dimension. Cohomology can provide more refined algebraic invariants to a topological space than does homology. It assigns `quantities' to the chains used in homology to characterize holes of any dimension. Graph pyramids can be used to describe subdivisions of the same object at multiple levels of detail. This paper presents cohomology in the context of structural pattern recognition and introduces an algorithm to efficiently compute representative cocycles (the basic elements of cohomology) in 2D using a graph pyramid. An extension to obtain scanning and rotation invariant cocycles is given.



### Face Shape and Reflectance Acquisition using a Multispectral Light Stage
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1105.3617v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.GR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1105.3617v1)
- **Published**: 2011-05-18 13:00:44+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-05-18 13:00:44+00:00
- **Authors**: Abhishek Dutta
- **Comment**: MSc thesis submitted for the degree of Master of Science (M.Sc.) to
  Department of Computer Science (University of York, UK) on Oct. 26, 2010
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this thesis, we discuss the design and calibration (geometric and radiometric) of a novel shape and reflectance acquisition device called the "Multispectral Light Stage". This device can capture highly detailed facial geometry (down to the level of skin pores detail) and Multispectral reflectance map which can be used to estimate biophysical skin parameters such as the distribution of pigmentation and blood beneath the surface of the skin. We extend the analysis of the original spherical gradient photometric stereo method to study the effects of deformed diffuse lobes on the quality of recovered surface normals. Based on our modified radiance equations, we develop a minimal image set method to recover high quality photometric normals using only four, instead of six, spherical gradient images. Using the same radiance equations, we explore a Quadratic Programming (QP) based algorithm for correction of surface normals obtained using spherical gradient photometric stereo. Based on the proposed minimal image sets method, we present a performance capture sequence that significantly reduces the data capture requirement and post-processing computational cost of existing photometric stereo based performance geometry capture methods. Furthermore, we explore the use of images captured in our Light Stage to generate stimuli images for a psychology experiment exploring the neural representation of 3D shape and texture of a human face.



### Benchmarks, Performance Evaluation and Contests for 3D Shape Retrieval
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1105.3685v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CG, I.2.10; I.4.8; I.5.4
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1105.3685v1)
- **Published**: 2011-05-18 16:48:47+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-05-18 16:48:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Afzal Godil, Zhouhui Lian, Helin Dutagaci, Rui Fang, Vanamali T. P., Chun Pan Cheung
- **Comment**: Performance Metrics for Intelligent Systems (PerMIS'10) Workshop,
  September, 2010
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Benchmarking of 3D Shape retrieval allows developers and researchers to compare the strengths of different algorithms on a standard dataset. Here we describe the procedures involved in developing a benchmark and issues involved. We then discuss some of the current 3D shape retrieval benchmarks efforts of our group and others. We also review the different performance evaluation measures that are developed and used by researchers in the community. After that we give an overview of the 3D shape retrieval contest (SHREC) tracks run under the EuroGraphics Workshop on 3D Object Retrieval and give details of tracks that we organized for SHREC 2010. Finally we demonstrate some of the results based on the different SHREC contest tracks and the NIST shape benchmark.



