# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-05-20
### Human Identity Verification based on Heart Sounds: Recent Advances and Future Directions
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1105.4058v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, stat.AP
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1105.4058v1)
- **Published**: 2011-05-20 11:08:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-05-20 11:08:48+00:00
- **Authors**: Francesco Beritelli, Andrea Spadaccini
- **Comment**: 18 pages, chapter to be published in the book "Biometrics / Book 1",
  ISBN 978-953-307-618-8, by InTech
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Identity verification is an increasingly important process in our daily lives, and biometric recognition is a natural solution to the authentication problem.   One of the most important research directions in the field of biometrics is the characterization of novel biometric traits that can be used in conjunction with other traits, to limit their shortcomings or to enhance their performance.   The aim of this work is to introduce the reader to the usage of heart sounds for biometric recognition, describing the strengths and the weaknesses of this novel trait and analyzing in detail the methods developed so far by different research groups and their performance.



### Cubical Cohomology Ring of 3D Photographs
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1105.4183v1
- **DOI**: 10.1002/ima.20271
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1105.4183v1)
- **Published**: 2011-05-20 22:12:41+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-05-20 22:12:41+00:00
- **Authors**: Rocio Gonzalez-Diaz, Maria Jose Jimenez, Belen Medrano
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Cubical cohomology ring of 3D photographs. International Journal
  of Imaging Systems and Technology. Volume 21, Issue 1, March 2011, Pages:
  76--85, Rocio Gonzalez-Diaz, Maria Jose Jimenez and Belen Medrano
- **Summary**: Cohomology and cohomology ring of three-dimensional (3D) objects are topological invariants that characterize holes and their relations. Cohomology ring has been traditionally computed on simplicial complexes. Nevertheless, cubical complexes deal directly with the voxels in 3D images, no additional triangulation is necessary, facilitating efficient algorithms for the computation of topological invariants in the image context. In this paper, we present formulas to directly compute the cohomology ring of 3D cubical complexes without making use of any additional triangulation. Starting from a cubical complex $Q$ that represents a 3D binary-valued digital picture whose foreground has one connected component, we compute first the cohomological information on the boundary of the object, $\partial Q$ by an incremental technique; then, using a face reduction algorithm, we compute it on the whole object; finally, applying the mentioned formulas, the cohomology ring is computed from such information.



