# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2008-09-10
### Automatic Identification and Data Extraction from 2-Dimensional Plots in Digital Documents
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0809.1802v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0809.1802v1)
- **Published**: 2008-09-10 14:43:37+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-09-10 14:43:37+00:00
- **Authors**: William Brouwer, Saurabh Kataria, Sujatha Das, Prasenjit Mitra, C. L. Giles
- **Comment**: 4 pages, 3 figures, 5 tables, accepted for publication in Joint
  Conference on Digital Libraries 2008
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Most search engines index the textual content of documents in digital libraries. However, scholarly articles frequently report important findings in figures for visual impact and the contents of these figures are not indexed. These contents are often invaluable to the researcher in various fields, for the purposes of direct comparison with their own work. Therefore, searching for figures and extracting figure data are important problems. To the best of our knowledge, there exists no tool to automatically extract data from figures in digital documents. If we can extract data from these images automatically and store them in a database, an end-user can query and combine data from multiple digital documents simultaneously and efficiently. We propose a framework based on image analysis and machine learning to extract information from 2-D plot images and store them in a database. The proposed algorithm identifies a 2-D plot and extracts the axis labels, legend and the data points from the 2-D plot. We also segregate overlapping shapes that correspond to different data points. We demonstrate performance of individual algorithms, using a combination of generated and real-life images.



