# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-01-17
### SafeVchat: Detecting Obscene Content and Misbehaving Users in Online Video Chat Services
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1101.3124v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CR**, cs.CV, cs.HC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1101.3124v1)
- **Published**: 2011-01-17 05:11:04+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-01-17 05:11:04+00:00
- **Authors**: Xinyu Xing, Yu-Li Liang, Hanqiang Cheng, Jianxun Dang, Sui Huang, Richard Han, Xue Liu, Qin Lv, Shivakant Mishra
- **Comment**: The 20th International World Wide Web Conference (WWW 2011)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Online video chat services such as Chatroulette, Omegle, and vChatter that randomly match pairs of users in video chat sessions are fast becoming very popular, with over a million users per month in the case of Chatroulette. A key problem encountered in such systems is the presence of flashers and obscene content. This problem is especially acute given the presence of underage minors in such systems. This paper presents SafeVchat, a novel solution to the problem of flasher detection that employs an array of image detection algorithms. A key contribution of the paper concerns how the results of the individual detectors are fused together into an overall decision classifying the user as misbehaving or not, based on Dempster-Shafer Theory. The paper introduces a novel, motion-based skin detection method that achieves significantly higher recall and better precision. The proposed methods have been evaluated over real world data and image traces obtained from Chatroulette.com.



### Introduction to the Bag of Features Paradigm for Image Classification and Retrieval
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1101.3354v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1101.3354v1)
- **Published**: 2011-01-17 23:27:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-01-17 23:27:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Stephen O'Hara, Bruce A. Draper
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The past decade has seen the growing popularity of Bag of Features (BoF) approaches to many computer vision tasks, including image classification, video search, robot localization, and texture recognition. Part of the appeal is simplicity. BoF methods are based on orderless collections of quantized local image descriptors; they discard spatial information and are therefore conceptually and computationally simpler than many alternative methods. Despite this, or perhaps because of this, BoF-based systems have set new performance standards on popular image classification benchmarks and have achieved scalability breakthroughs in image retrieval. This paper presents an introduction to BoF image representations, describes critical design choices, and surveys the BoF literature. Emphasis is placed on recent techniques that mitigate quantization errors, improve feature detection, and speed up image retrieval. At the same time, unresolved issues and fundamental challenges are raised. Among the unresolved issues are determining the best techniques for sampling images, describing local image features, and evaluating system performance. Among the more fundamental challenges are how and whether BoF methods can contribute to localizing objects in complex images, or to associating high-level semantics with natural images. This survey should be useful both for introducing new investigators to the field and for providing existing researchers with a consolidated reference to related work.



