# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-01-13
### A Review of Research on Devnagari Character Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1101.2491v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1101.2491v1)
- **Published**: 2011-01-13 04:00:30+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-01-13 04:00:30+00:00
- **Authors**: V J Dongre, V H Mankar
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 1 Figure, 8 Tables, Journal paper
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Applications (0975 - 8887)
  Volume 12- No.2, November 2010
- **Summary**: English Character Recognition (CR) has been extensively studied in the last half century and progressed to a level, sufficient to produce technology driven applications. But same is not the case for Indian languages which are complicated in terms of structure and computations. Rapidly growing computational power may enable the implementation of Indic CR methodologies. Digital document processing is gaining popularity for application to office and library automation, bank and postal services, publishing houses and communication technology. Devnagari being the national language of India, spoken by more than 500 million people, should be given special attention so that document retrieval and analysis of rich ancient and modern Indian literature can be effectively done. This article is intended to serve as a guide and update for the readers, working in the Devnagari Optical Character Recognition (DOCR) area. An overview of DOCR systems is presented and the available DOCR techniques are reviewed. The current status of DOCR is discussed and directions for future research are suggested.



