# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-01-30
### Geometric Models with Co-occurrence Groups
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1101.5766v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IT, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1101.5766v1)
- **Published**: 2011-01-30 12:05:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-01-30 12:05:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Joan Bruna, Stéphane Mallat
- **Comment**: 6 pages, ESANN 2010
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A geometric model of sparse signal representations is introduced for classes of signals. It is computed by optimizing co-occurrence groups with a maximum likelihood estimate calculated with a Bernoulli mixture model. Applications to face image compression and MNIST digit classification illustrate the applicability of this model.



### Statistical Compressed Sensing of Gaussian Mixture Models
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1101.5785v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TSP.2011.2168521
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1101.5785v1)
- **Published**: 2011-01-30 17:16:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-01-30 17:16:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Guoshen Yu, Guillermo Sapiro
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A novel framework of compressed sensing, namely statistical compressed sensing (SCS), that aims at efficiently sampling a collection of signals that follow a statistical distribution, and achieving accurate reconstruction on average, is introduced. SCS based on Gaussian models is investigated in depth. For signals that follow a single Gaussian model, with Gaussian or Bernoulli sensing matrices of O(k) measurements, considerably smaller than the O(k log(N/k)) required by conventional CS based on sparse models, where N is the signal dimension, and with an optimal decoder implemented via linear filtering, significantly faster than the pursuit decoders applied in conventional CS, the error of SCS is shown tightly upper bounded by a constant times the best k-term approximation error, with overwhelming probability. The failure probability is also significantly smaller than that of conventional sparsity-oriented CS. Stronger yet simpler results further show that for any sensing matrix, the error of Gaussian SCS is upper bounded by a constant times the best k-term approximation with probability one, and the bound constant can be efficiently calculated. For Gaussian mixture models (GMMs), that assume multiple Gaussian distributions and that each signal follows one of them with an unknown index, a piecewise linear estimator is introduced to decode SCS. The accuracy of model selection, at the heart of the piecewise linear decoder, is analyzed in terms of the properties of the Gaussian distributions and the number of sensing measurements. A maximum a posteriori expectation-maximization algorithm that iteratively estimates the Gaussian models parameters, the signals model selection, and decodes the signals, is presented for GMM-based SCS. In real image sensing applications, GMM-based SCS is shown to lead to improved results compared to conventional CS, at a considerably lower computational cost.



