# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-01-18
### Efficient Independence-Based MAP Approach for Robust Markov Networks Structure Discovery
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1101.3381v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.AI**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1101.3381v1)
- **Published**: 2011-01-18 04:10:01+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-01-18 04:10:01+00:00
- **Authors**: Facundo Bromberg, Federico Schlüter
- **Comment**: 28 pages, 8 figures and 7 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This work introduces the IB-score, a family of independence-based score functions for robust learning of Markov networks independence structures. Markov networks are a widely used graphical representation of probability distributions, with many applications in several fields of science. The main advantage of the IB-score is the possibility of computing it without the need of estimation of the numerical parameters, an NP-hard problem, usually solved through an approximate, data-intensive, iterative optimization. We derive a formal expression for the IB-score from first principles, mainly maximum a posteriori and conditional independence properties, and exemplify several instantiations of it, resulting in two novel algorithms for structure learning: IBMAP-HC and IBMAP-TS. Experimental results over both artificial and real world data show these algorithms achieve important error reductions in the learnt structures when compared with the state-of-the-art independence-based structure learning algorithm GSMN, achieving increments of more than 50% in the amount of independencies they encode correctly, and in some cases, learning correctly over 90% of the edges that GSMN learnt incorrectly. Theoretical analysis shows IBMAP-HC proceeds efficiently, achieving these improvements in a time polynomial to the number of random variables in the domain.



### Automated Image Processing for the Analysis of DNA Repair Dynamics
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1101.3391v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, q-bio.QM, 68U10, J.3; I.4.6; I.4.7; I.4.9
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1101.3391v1)
- **Published**: 2011-01-18 06:48:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-01-18 06:48:35+00:00
- **Authors**: Thorsten Riess, Christian Dietz, Martin Tomas, Elisa Ferrando-May, Dorit Merhof
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The efficient repair of cellular DNA is essential for the maintenance and inheritance of genomic information. In order to cope with the high frequency of spontaneous and induced DNA damage, a multitude of repair mechanisms have evolved. These are enabled by a wide range of protein factors specifically recognizing different types of lesions and finally restoring the normal DNA sequence. This work focuses on the repair factor XPC (xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group C), which identifies bulky DNA lesions and initiates their removal via the nucleotide excision repair pathway. The binding of XPC to damaged DNA can be visualized in living cells by following the accumulation of a fluorescent XPC fusion at lesions induced by laser microirradiation in a fluorescence microscope. In this work, an automated image processing pipeline is presented which allows to identify and quantify the accumulation reaction without any user interaction. The image processing pipeline comprises a preprocessing stage where the image stack data is filtered and the nucleus of interest is segmented. Afterwards, the images are registered to each other in order to account for movements of the cell, and then a bounding box enclosing the XPC-specific signal is automatically determined. Finally, the time-dependent relocation of XPC is evaluated by analyzing the intensity change within this box. Comparison of the automated processing results with the manual evaluation yields qualitatively similar results. However, the automated analysis provides more accurate, reproducible data with smaller standard errors. The image processing pipeline presented in this work allows for an efficient analysis of large amounts of experimental data with no user interaction required.



