# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2007-07-05
### Very fast watermarking by reversible contrast mapping
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0707.0802v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/LSP.2006.884895
- **Categories**: **cs.MM**, cs.CR, cs.CV, cs.IT, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0707.0802v1)
- **Published**: 2007-07-05 15:11:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2007-07-05 15:11:24+00:00
- **Authors**: Dinu Coltuc, Jean-Marc Chassery
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE Signal Processing Letters 14, 4 (04/2007) pp 255-258
- **Summary**: Reversible contrast mapping (RCM) is a simple integer transform that applies to pairs of pixels. For some pairs of pixels, RCM is invertible, even if the least significant bits (LSBs) of the transformed pixels are lost. The data space occupied by the LSBs is suitable for data hiding. The embedded information bit-rates of the proposed spatial domain reversible watermarking scheme are close to the highest bit-rates reported so far. The scheme does not need additional data compression, and, in terms of mathematical complexity, it appears to be the lowest complexity one proposed up to now. A very fast lookup table implementation is proposed. Robustness against cropping can be ensured as well.



### The Cyborg Astrobiologist: Porting from a wearable computer to the Astrobiology Phone-cam
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0707.0808v1
- **DOI**: 10.1017/S1473550407003862
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, astro-ph, cs.AI, cs.CE, cs.HC, cs.NI, cs.RO, cs.SE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0707.0808v1)
- **Published**: 2007-07-05 15:19:37+00:00
- **Updated**: 2007-07-05 15:19:37+00:00
- **Authors**: Alexandra Bartolo, Patrick C. McGuire, Kenneth P. Camilleri, Christopher Spiteri, Jonathan C. Borg, Philip J. Farrugia, Jens Ormo, Javier Gomez-Elvira, Jose Antonio Rodriguez-Manfredi, Enrique Diaz-Martinez, Helge Ritter, Robert Haschke, Markus Oesker, Joerg Ontrup
- **Comment**: 15 pages, 4 figures, accepted for publication in the International
  Journal of Astrobiology
- **Journal**: International Journal of Astrobiology, vol. 6, issue 4, pp.
  255-261 (2007)
- **Summary**: We have used a simple camera phone to significantly improve an `exploration system' for astrobiology and geology. This camera phone will make it much easier to develop and test computer-vision algorithms for future planetary exploration. We envision that the `Astrobiology Phone-cam' exploration system can be fruitfully used in other problem domains as well.



