# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-10-21
### Content adaptive screen image scaling
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.06093v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1510.06093v1)
- **Published**: 2015-10-21 00:49:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-10-21 00:49:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Yao Zhai, Qifei Wang, Yan Lu, Shipeng Li
- **Comment**: ICIP 2013
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper proposes an efficient content adaptive screen image scaling scheme for the real-time screen applications like remote desktop and screen sharing. In the proposed screen scaling scheme, a screen content classification step is first introduced to classify the screen image into text and pictorial regions. Afterward, we propose an adaptive shift linear interpolation algorithm to predict the new pixel values with the shift offset adapted to the content type of each pixel. The shift offset for each screen content type is offline optimized by minimizing the theoretical interpolation error based on the training samples respectively. The proposed content adaptive screen image scaling scheme can achieve good visual quality and also keep the low complexity for real-time applications.



### Interactive Volumetry Of Liver Ablation Zones
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1512.04582v1
- **DOI**: 10.1038/srep15373
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.GR, cs.HC, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1512.04582v1)
- **Published**: 2015-10-21 08:14:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-10-21 08:14:32+00:00
- **Authors**: Jan Egger, Harald Busse, Philipp Brandmaier, Daniel Seider, Matthias Gawlitza, Steffen Strocka, Philip Voglreiter, Mark Dokter, Michael Hofmann, Bernhard Kainz, Alexander Hann, Xiaojun Chen, Tuomas Alhonnoro, Mika Pollari, Dieter Schmalstieg, Michael Moche
- **Comment**: 18 pages, 15 figures, 8 tables, 57 references
- **Journal**: Sci. Rep. 5, 15373; doi: 10.1038/srep15373 (2015)
- **Summary**: Percutaneous radiofrequency ablation (RFA) is a minimally invasive technique that destroys cancer cells by heat. The heat results from focusing energy in the radiofrequency spectrum through a needle. Amongst others, this can enable the treatment of patients who are not eligible for an open surgery. However, the possibility of recurrent liver cancer due to incomplete ablation of the tumor makes post-interventional monitoring via regular follow-up scans mandatory. These scans have to be carefully inspected for any conspicuousness. Within this study, the RF ablation zones from twelve post-interventional CT acquisitions have been segmented semi-automatically to support the visual inspection. An interactive, graph-based contouring approach, which prefers spherically shaped regions, has been applied. For the quantitative and qualitative analysis of the algorithm's results, manual slice-by-slice segmentations produced by clinical experts have been used as the gold standard (which have also been compared among each other). As evaluation metric for the statistical validation, the Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) has been calculated. The results show that the proposed tool provides lesion segmentation with sufficient accuracy much faster than manual segmentation. The visual feedback and interactivity make the proposed tool well suitable for the clinical workflow.



### Predicting popularity of online videos using Support Vector Regression
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.06223v4
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TMM.2017.2695439
- **Categories**: **cs.SI**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1510.06223v4)
- **Published**: 2015-10-21 12:06:15+00:00
- **Updated**: 2017-05-12 01:51:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Tomasz Trzcinski, Przemyslaw Rokita
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Transactions on Multimedia, 2017
- **Summary**: In this work, we propose a regression method to predict the popularity of an online video based on temporal and visual cues. Our method uses Support Vector Regression with Gaussian Radial Basis Functions. We show that modelling popularity patterns with this approach provides higher and more stable prediction results, mainly thanks to the non-linearity character of the proposed method as well as its resistance against overfitting. We compare our method with the state of the art on datasets containing over 14,000 videos from YouTube and Facebook. Furthermore, we show that results obtained relying only on the early distribution patterns, can be improved by adding social and visual metadata.



### Towards Direct Medical Image Analysis without Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.06375v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1510.06375v1)
- **Published**: 2015-10-21 19:16:34+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-10-21 19:16:34+00:00
- **Authors**: Xiantong Zhen, Shuo Li
- **Comment**: 2 pages perspective
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Direct methods have recently emerged as an effective and efficient tool in automated medical image analysis and become a trend to solve diverse challenging tasks in clinical practise. Compared to traditional methods, direct methods are of much more clinical significance by straightly targeting to the final clinical goal rather than relying on any intermediate steps. These intermediate steps, e.g., segmentation, registration and tracking, are actually not necessary and only limited to very constrained tasks far from being used in practical clinical applications; moreover they are computationally expensive and time-consuming, which causes a high waste of research resources. The advantages of direct methods stem from \textbf{1)} removal of intermediate steps, e.g., segmentation, tracking and registration; \textbf{2)} avoidance of user inputs and initialization; \textbf{3)} reformulation of conventional challenging problems, e.g., inversion problem, with efficient solutions.



