# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-10-03
### Design and Analysis of a Single-Camera Omnistereo Sensor for Quadrotor Micro Aerial Vehicles (MAVs)
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.00771v1
- **DOI**: 10.3390/s16020217
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.RO, cs.SY
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1510.00771v1)
- **Published**: 2015-10-03 02:53:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-10-03 02:53:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Carlos Jaramillo
- **Comment**: 49 pages, 22 figures, journal article draft
- **Journal**: Sensors 16 (2016) 217
- **Summary**: We describe the design and 3D sensing performance of an omnidirectional stereo-vision system (omnistereo) as applied to Micro Aerial Vehicles (MAVs). The proposed omnistereo model employs a monocular camera that is co-axially aligned with a pair of hyperboloidal mirrors (folded catadioptric configuration). We show that this arrangement is practical for performing stereo-vision when mounted on top of propeller-based MAVs characterized by low payloads. The theoretical single viewpoint (SVP) constraint helps us derive analytical solutions for the sensor's projective geometry and generate SVP-compliant panoramic images to compute 3D information from stereo correspondences (in a truly synchronous fashion). We perform an extensive analysis on various system characteristics such as its size, catadioptric spatial resolution, field-of-view. In addition, we pose a probabilistic model for uncertainty estimation of the depth from triangulation for skew back-projection rays. We expect to motivate the reproducibility of our solution since it can be adapted (optimally) to other catadioptric-based omnistereo vision applications.



### Approximate Fisher Kernels of non-iid Image Models for Image Categorization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.00857v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TPAMI.2015.2484342
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1510.00857v1)
- **Published**: 2015-10-03 19:35:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-10-03 19:35:38+00:00
- **Authors**: Ramazan Gokberk Cinbis, Jakob Verbeek, Cordelia Schmid
- **Comment**: IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, in
  press, 2015
- **Journal**: IEEE Trans. on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, vol. 38,
  no. 6, pp. 1084-1098, June 1 2016
- **Summary**: The bag-of-words (BoW) model treats images as sets of local descriptors and represents them by visual word histograms. The Fisher vector (FV) representation extends BoW, by considering the first and second order statistics of local descriptors. In both representations local descriptors are assumed to be identically and independently distributed (iid), which is a poor assumption from a modeling perspective. It has been experimentally observed that the performance of BoW and FV representations can be improved by employing discounting transformations such as power normalization. In this paper, we introduce non-iid models by treating the model parameters as latent variables which are integrated out, rendering all local regions dependent. Using the Fisher kernel principle we encode an image by the gradient of the data log-likelihood w.r.t. the model hyper-parameters. Our models naturally generate discounting effects in the representations; suggesting that such transformations have proven successful because they closely correspond to the representations obtained for non-iid models. To enable tractable computation, we rely on variational free-energy bounds to learn the hyper-parameters and to compute approximate Fisher kernels. Our experimental evaluation results validate that our models lead to performance improvements comparable to using power normalization, as employed in state-of-the-art feature aggregation methods.



