# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-10-29
### Privacy Prediction of Images Shared on Social Media Sites Using Deep Features
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.08583v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CY
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1510.08583v3)
- **Published**: 2015-10-29 07:23:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-11-05 19:27:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Ashwini Tonge, Cornelia Caragea
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Online image sharing in social media sites such as Facebook, Flickr, and Instagram can lead to unwanted disclosure and privacy violations, when privacy settings are used inappropriately. With the exponential increase in the number of images that are shared online every day, the development of effective and efficient prediction methods for image privacy settings are highly needed. The performance of models critically depends on the choice of the feature representation. In this paper, we present an approach to image privacy prediction that uses deep features and deep image tags as feature representations. Specifically, we explore deep features at various neural network layers and use the top layer (probability) as an auto-annotation mechanism. The results of our experiments show that models trained on the proposed deep features and deep image tags substantially outperform baselines such as those based on SIFT and GIST as well as those that use "bag of tags" as features.



### A Deep Siamese Network for Scene Detection in Broadcast Videos
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.08893v1
- **DOI**: 10.1145/2733373.2806316
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1510.08893v1)
- **Published**: 2015-10-29 20:34:15+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-10-29 20:34:15+00:00
- **Authors**: Lorenzo Baraldi, Costantino Grana, Rita Cucchiara
- **Comment**: ACM Multimedia 2015
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present a model that automatically divides broadcast videos into coherent scenes by learning a distance measure between shots. Experiments are performed to demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach by comparing our algorithm against recent proposals for automatic scene segmentation. We also propose an improved performance measure that aims to reduce the gap between numerical evaluation and expected results, and propose and release a new benchmark dataset.



