# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2016-01-30
### Convolutional Pose Machines
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1602.00134v4
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1602.00134v4)
- **Published**: 2016-01-30 16:15:28+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-04-12 03:31:53+00:00
- **Authors**: Shih-En Wei, Varun Ramakrishna, Takeo Kanade, Yaser Sheikh
- **Comment**: camera ready
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Pose Machines provide a sequential prediction framework for learning rich implicit spatial models. In this work we show a systematic design for how convolutional networks can be incorporated into the pose machine framework for learning image features and image-dependent spatial models for the task of pose estimation. The contribution of this paper is to implicitly model long-range dependencies between variables in structured prediction tasks such as articulated pose estimation. We achieve this by designing a sequential architecture composed of convolutional networks that directly operate on belief maps from previous stages, producing increasingly refined estimates for part locations, without the need for explicit graphical model-style inference. Our approach addresses the characteristic difficulty of vanishing gradients during training by providing a natural learning objective function that enforces intermediate supervision, thereby replenishing back-propagated gradients and conditioning the learning procedure. We demonstrate state-of-the-art performance and outperform competing methods on standard benchmarks including the MPII, LSP, and FLIC datasets.



### Deep Learning For Smile Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1602.00172v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, cs.NE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1602.00172v2)
- **Published**: 2016-01-30 23:59:04+00:00
- **Updated**: 2017-07-25 04:46:01+00:00
- **Authors**: Patrick O. Glauner
- **Comment**: Proceedings of the 12th Conference on Uncertainty Modelling in
  Knowledge Engineering and Decision Making (FLINS 2016)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Inspired by recent successes of deep learning in computer vision, we propose a novel application of deep convolutional neural networks to facial expression recognition, in particular smile recognition. A smile recognition test accuracy of 99.45% is achieved for the Denver Intensity of Spontaneous Facial Action (DISFA) database, significantly outperforming existing approaches based on hand-crafted features with accuracies ranging from 65.55% to 79.67%. The novelty of this approach includes a comprehensive model selection of the architecture parameters, allowing to find an appropriate architecture for each expression such as smile. This is feasible because all experiments were run on a Tesla K40c GPU, allowing a speedup of factor 10 over traditional computations on a CPU.



