# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2016-01-03
### Image Resolution Enhancement by Using Interpolation Followed by Iterative Back Projection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1601.00260v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/SIU.2013.6531593
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1601.00260v1)
- **Published**: 2016-01-03 08:50:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-01-03 08:50:10+00:00
- **Authors**: Pejman Rasti, Hasan Demirel, Gholamreza Anbarjafari
- **Comment**: 4 pages, Signal Processing and Communications Applications Conference
  (SIU), 2013
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we propose a new super resolution technique based on the interpolation followed by registering them using iterative back projection (IBP). Low resolution images are being interpolated and then the interpolated images are being registered in order to generate a sharper high resolution image. The proposed technique has been tested on Lena, Elaine, Pepper, and Baboon. The quantitative peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) and structural similarity index (SSIM) results as well as the visual results show the superiority of the proposed technique over the conventional and state-of-art image super resolution techniques. For Lena's image, the PSNR is 6.52 dB higher than the bicubic interpolation.



### How can one sample images with sampling rates close to the theoretical minimum?
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1601.00311v4
- **DOI**: 10.1088/2040-8986/aa65b7
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.optics
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1601.00311v4)
- **Published**: 2016-01-03 16:51:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2017-04-19 10:04:51+00:00
- **Authors**: Leonid Yaroslavsky
- **Comment**: 14 pages, 10 figures
- **Journal**: Journal of Optics, 2017
- **Summary**: A problem is addressed of minimization of the number of measurements needed for digital image acquisition and reconstruction with a given accuracy. A sampling theory based method of image sampling and reconstruction is suggested that allows to draw near the minimal rate of image sampling defined by the sampling theory. Presented and discussed are also results of experimental verification of the method and its possible applicability extensions.



