# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2016-01-24
### Fast Binary Embedding via Circulant Downsampled Matrix -- A Data-Independent Approach
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1601.06342v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, cs.LG, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1601.06342v1)
- **Published**: 2016-01-24 03:32:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-01-24 03:32:22+00:00
- **Authors**: Sung-Hsien Hsieh, Chun-Shien Lu, Soo-Chang Pei
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 4 figures, 4 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Binary embedding of high-dimensional data aims to produce low-dimensional binary codes while preserving discriminative power. State-of-the-art methods often suffer from high computation and storage costs. We present a simple and fast embedding scheme by first downsampling N-dimensional data into M-dimensional data and then multiplying the data with an MxM circulant matrix. Our method requires O(N +M log M) computation and O(N) storage costs. We prove if data have sparsity, our scheme can achieve similarity-preserving well. Experiments further demonstrate that though our method is cost-effective and fast, it still achieves comparable performance in image applications.



### Synthesis of Gaussian Trees with Correlation Sign Ambiguity: An Information Theoretic Approach
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1601.06403v5
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, math.IT, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1601.06403v5)
- **Published**: 2016-01-24 15:59:44+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-07-07 22:04:07+00:00
- **Authors**: Ali Moharrer, Shuangqing Wei, George T. Amariucai, Jing Deng
- **Comment**: 14 pages, 9 figures, part of this work is submitted to Allerton 2016
  conference, UIUC, IL, USA
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In latent Gaussian trees the pairwise correlation signs between the variables are intrinsically unrecoverable. Such information is vital since it completely determines the direction in which two variables are associated. In this work, we resort to information theoretical approaches to achieve two fundamental goals: First, we quantify the amount of information loss due to unrecoverable sign information. Second, we show the importance of such information in determining the maximum achievable rate region, in which the observed output vector can be synthesized, given its probability density function. In particular, we model the graphical model as a communication channel and propose a new layered encoding framework to synthesize observed data using upper layer Gaussian inputs and independent Bernoulli correlation sign inputs from each layer. We find the achievable rate region for the rate tuples of multi-layer latent Gaussian messages to synthesize the desired observables.



