# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-10-04
### Spatially Scalable Compressed Image Sensing with Hybrid Transform and Inter-layer Prediction Model
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.1221v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, cs.MM, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.1221v1)
- **Published**: 2013-10-04 10:45:02+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-04 10:45:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Diego Valsesia, Enrico Magli
- **Comment**: Proceedings of the 15th International Workshop on Multimedia Signal
  Processing, September 30-October 3, 2013, Pula, Italy
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Compressive imaging is an emerging application of compressed sensing, devoted to acquisition, encoding and reconstruction of images using random projections as measurements. In this paper we propose a novel method to provide a scalable encoding of an image acquired by means of compressed sensing techniques. Two bit-streams are generated to provide two distinct quality levels: a low-resolution base layer and full-resolution enhancement layer. In the proposed method we exploit a fast preview of the image at the encoder in order to perform inter-layer prediction and encode the prediction residuals only. The proposed method successfully provides resolution and quality scalability with modest complexity and it provides gains in the quality of the reconstructed images with respect to separate encoding of the quality layers. Remarkably, we also show that the scheme can also provide significant gains with respect to a direct, non-scalable system, thus accomplishing two features at once: scalability and improved reconstruction performance.



### A Novel Progressive Image Scanning and Reconstruction Scheme based on Compressed Sensing and Linear Prediction
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.1259v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICME.2012.71
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.1259v1)
- **Published**: 2013-10-04 13:28:29+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-04 13:28:29+00:00
- **Authors**: Giulio Coluccia, Enrico Magli
- **Comment**: 2012 IEEE International Conference on Multimedia and Expo (ICME),
  Melbourne, Australia, 9-13 July 2012, pp.866-871
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Compressed sensing (CS) is an innovative technique allowing to represent signals through a small number of their linear projections. In this paper we address the application of CS to the scenario of progressive acquisition of 2D visual signals in a line-by-line fashion. This is an important setting which encompasses diverse systems such as flatbed scanners and remote sensing imagers. The use of CS in such setting raises the problem of reconstructing a very high number of samples, as are contained in an image, from their linear projections. Conventional reconstruction algorithms, whose complexity is cubic in the number of samples, are computationally intractable. In this paper we develop an iterative reconstruction algorithm that reconstructs an image by iteratively estimating a row, and correlating adjacent rows by means of linear prediction. We develop suitable predictors and test the proposed algorithm in the context of flatbed scanners and remote sensing imaging systems. We show that this approach can significantly improve the results of separate reconstruction of each row, providing very good reconstruction quality with reasonable complexity.



### Director Field Model of the Primary Visual Cortex for Contour Detection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.1341v2
- **DOI**: 10.1371/journal.pone.0108991
- **Categories**: **q-bio.NC**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.1341v2)
- **Published**: 2013-10-04 17:27:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-10-18 23:20:40+00:00
- **Authors**: Vijay Singh, Martin Tchernookov, Rebecca Butterfield, Ilya Nemenman
- **Comment**: 9 pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: PLoS ONE 9(10): e108991 (2014)
- **Summary**: We aim to build the simplest possible model capable of detecting long, noisy contours in a cluttered visual scene. For this, we model the neural dynamics in the primate primary visual cortex in terms of a continuous director field that describes the average rate and the average orientational preference of active neurons at a particular point in the cortex. We then use a linear-nonlinear dynamical model with long range connectivity patterns to enforce long-range statistical context present in the analyzed images. The resulting model has substantially fewer degrees of freedom than traditional models, and yet it can distinguish large contiguous objects from the background clutter by suppressing the clutter and by filling-in occluded elements of object contours. This results in high-precision, high-recall detection of large objects in cluttered scenes. Parenthetically, our model has a direct correspondence with the Landau - de Gennes theory of nematic liquid crystal in two dimensions.



