# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-10-12
### PCG-Cut: Graph Driven Segmentation of the Prostate Central Gland
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.3366v1
- **DOI**: 10.1371/journal.pone.0076645
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.3366v1)
- **Published**: 2013-10-12 12:53:01+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-12 12:53:01+00:00
- **Authors**: Jan Egger
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 6 figures, 2 tables, 52 references
- **Journal**: PLoS ONE 8(10): e76645 (2013)
- **Summary**: Prostate cancer is the most abundant cancer in men, with over 200,000 expected new cases and around 28,000 deaths in 2012 in the US alone. In this study, the segmentation results for the prostate central gland (PCG) in MR scans are presented. The aim of this research study is to apply a graph-based algorithm to automated segmentation (i.e. delineation) of organ limits for the prostate central gland. The ultimate goal is to apply automated segmentation approach to facilitate efficient MR-guided biopsy and radiation treatment planning. The automated segmentation algorithm used is graph-driven based on a spherical template. Therefore, rays are sent through the surface points of a polyhedron to sample the graph's nodes. After graph construction - which only requires the center of the polyhedron defined by the user and located inside the prostate center gland - the minimal cost closed set on the graph is computed via a polynomial time s-t-cut, which results in the segmentation of the prostate center gland's boundaries and volume. The algorithm has been realized as a C++ modul within the medical research platform MeVisLab and the ground truth of the central gland boundaries were manually extracted by clinical experts (interventional radiologists) with several years of experience in prostate treatment. For evaluation the automated segmentations of the proposed scheme have been compared with the manual segmentations, yielding an average Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) of 78.94 +/- 10.85%.



### An Improved K-means Clustering Based Approach to Detect a DNA Structure in H&E Image of Mouse Tissue Reacted with CD4-Green Antigen
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.3399v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.3399v2)
- **Published**: 2013-10-12 16:04:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-31 08:47:53+00:00
- **Authors**: B U V Prashanth, P Narahari Sastry, V Rajesh
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author to perform more
  comprehensive evaluations in the research work
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this manuscript we present the technique to detect and analyze the DNA rich structure in Haemotoxylin & Eosin (H&E) image of a tissue treated with anti CD4 green antigen. The detection of DNA rich structure can be considered as a detection of blue nuclei present through the biomedical signal/image processing technique performed on the image of the tissue obtained by the Scanning Electron Microscope(SEM). Earlier the tissue treated with the anti CD4 green antigen, is stained with the H&E staining solution.



