# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-10-24
### Fast 3D Salient Region Detection in Medical Images using GPUs
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.6736v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.6736v1)
- **Published**: 2013-10-24 01:50:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-24 01:50:24+00:00
- **Authors**: Rahul Thota, Sharan Vaswani, Amit Kale, Nagavijayalakshmi Vydyanathan
- **Comment**: 9 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Automated detection of visually salient regions is an active area of research in computer vision. Salient regions can serve as inputs for object detectors as well as inputs for region based registration algorithms. In this paper we consider the problem of speeding up computationally intensive bottom-up salient region detection in 3D medical volumes.The method uses the Kadir Brady formulation of saliency. We show that in the vicinity of a salient region, entropy is a monotonically increasing function of the degree of overlap of a candidate window with the salient region. This allows us to initialize a sparse seed-point grid as the set of tentative salient region centers and iteratively converge to the local entropy maxima, thereby reducing the computation complexity compared to the Kadir Brady approach of performing this computation at every point in the image. We propose two different approaches for achieving this. The first approach involves evaluating entropy in the four quadrants around the seed point and iteratively moving in the direction that increases entropy. The second approach we propose makes use of mean shift tracking framework to affect entropy maximizing moves. Specifically, we propose the use of uniform pmf as the target distribution to seek high entropy regions. We demonstrate the use of our algorithm on medical volumes for left ventricle detection in PET images and tumor localization in brain MR sequences.



### Pseudo vs. True Defect Classification in Printed Circuits Boards using Wavelet Features
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.6654v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.6654v1)
- **Published**: 2013-10-24 16:11:28+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-24 16:11:28+00:00
- **Authors**: Sahil Sikka, Karan Sikka, M. K. Bhuyan, Yuji Iwahori
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 8 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In recent years, Printed Circuit Boards (PCB) have become the backbone of a large number of consumer electronic devices leading to a surge in their production. This has made it imperative to employ automatic inspection systems to identify manufacturing defects in PCB before they are installed in the respective systems. An important task in this regard is the classification of defects as either true or pseudo defects, which decides if the PCB is to be re-manufactured or not. This work proposes a novel approach to detect most common defects in the PCBs. The problem has been approached by employing highly discriminative features based on multi-scale wavelet transform, which are further boosted by using a kernalized version of the support vector machines (SVM). A real world printed circuit board dataset has been used for quantitative analysis. Experimental results demonstrated the efficacy of the proposed method.



### Two Dimensional Array Imaging with Beam Steered Data
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.6719v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2013.2282115
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IT, math.IT, stat.AP
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.6719v2)
- **Published**: 2013-10-24 19:33:50+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-04-17 23:01:54+00:00
- **Authors**: Sujeet Patole, Murat Torlak
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Image Processing Dec. 2013 (Volume:22, Issue:
  12, Page(s):5181 - 5189 )
- **Summary**: This paper discusses different approaches used for millimeter wave imaging of two-dimensional objects. Imaging of a two dimensional object requires reflected wave data to be collected across two distinct dimensions. In this paper, we propose a reconstruction method that uses narrowband waveforms along with two dimensional beam steering. The beam is steered in azimuthal and elevation direction, which forms the two distinct dimensions required for the reconstruction. The Reconstruction technique uses inverse Fourier transform along with amplitude and phase correction factors. In addition, this reconstruction technique does not require interpolation of the data in either wavenumber or spatial domain. Use of the two dimensional beam steering offers better performance in the presence of noise compared with the existing methods, such as switched array imaging system. Effects of RF impairments such as quantization of the phase of beam steering weights and timing jitter which add to phase noise, are analyzed.



