# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-10-23
### A Ray-based Approach for Boundary Estimation of Fiber Bundles Derived from Diffusion Tensor Imaging
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.6092v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.6092v1)
- **Published**: 2013-10-23 02:05:02+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-23 02:05:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Miriam H. A. Bauer, Sebastiano Barbieri, Jan Klein, Jan Egger, Daniela Kuhnt, Bernd Freisleben, Horst K. Hahn, Christopher Nimsky
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 2 figures, 7 references
- **Journal**: Int J CARS, Vol. 5, Suppl. 1, pp. 47-48, Springer Press, June 2010
- **Summary**: Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI) is a non-invasive imaging technique that allows estimation of the location of white matter tracts in-vivo, based on the measurement of water diffusion properties. For each voxel, a second-order tensor can be calculated by using diffusion-weighted sequences (DWI) that are sensitive to the random motion of water molecules. Given at least 6 diffusion-weighted images with different gradients and one unweighted image, the coefficients of the symmetric diffusion tensor matrix can be calculated. Deriving the eigensystem of the tensor, the eigenvectors and eigenvalues can be calculated to describe the three main directions of diffusion and its magnitude. Using DTI data, fiber bundles can be determined, to gain information about eloquent brain structures. Especially in neurosurgery, information about location and dimension of eloquent structures like the corticospinal tract or the visual pathways is of major interest. Therefore, the fiber bundle boundary has to be determined. In this paper, a novel ray-based approach for boundary estimation of tubular structures is presented.



### Can Facial Uniqueness be Inferred from Impostor Scores?
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.6376v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.6376v1)
- **Published**: 2013-10-23 20:10:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-23 20:10:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Abhishek Dutta, Raymond Veldhuis, Luuk Spreeuwers
- **Comment**: A 6 page paper presented in the Biometric Technologies in Forensic
  Science (BTFS) 2013 Conference, Oct 14-15 2013, Nijmegen, Netherlands. Full
  proceeding is available at http://www.ru.nl/clst/btfs/btfs-2013/
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In Biometrics, facial uniqueness is commonly inferred from impostor similarity scores. In this paper, we show that such uniqueness measures are highly unstable in the presence of image quality variations like pose, noise and blur. We also experimentally demonstrate the instability of a recently introduced impostor-based uniqueness measure of [Klare and Jain 2013] when subject to poor quality facial images.



