# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-10-13
### Image Restoration using Total Variation with Overlapping Group Sparsity
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.3447v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.NA, 46N10, 68U10, 94A08, 47A52
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.3447v2)
- **Published**: 2013-10-13 05:03:41+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-19 07:48:25+00:00
- **Authors**: Jun Liu, Ting-Zhu Huang, Ivan W. Selesnick, Xiao-Guang Lv, Po-Yu Chen
- **Comment**: 11 pages, 37 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Image restoration is one of the most fundamental issues in imaging science. Total variation (TV) regularization is widely used in image restoration problems for its capability to preserve edges. In the literature, however, it is also well known for producing staircase-like artifacts. Usually, the high-order total variation (HTV) regularizer is an good option except its over-smoothing property. In this work, we study a minimization problem where the objective includes an usual $l_2$ data-fidelity term and an overlapping group sparsity total variation regularizer which can avoid staircase effect and allow edges preserving in the restored image. We also proposed a fast algorithm for solving the corresponding minimization problem and compare our method with the state-of-the-art TV based methods and HTV based method. The numerical experiments illustrate the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed method in terms of PSNR, relative error and computing time.



### Dense Scattering Layer Removal
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.3452v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.1
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.3452v1)
- **Published**: 2013-10-13 06:58:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-13 06:58:57+00:00
- **Authors**: Qiong Yan, Li Xu, Jiaya Jia
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 10 figures, Siggraph Asia 2013 Technial Briefs
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We propose a new model, together with advanced optimization, to separate a thick scattering media layer from a single natural image. It is able to handle challenging underwater scenes and images taken in fog and sandstorm, both of which are with significantly reduced visibility. Our method addresses the critical issue -- this is, originally unnoticeable impurities will be greatly magnified after removing the scattering media layer -- with transmission-aware optimization. We introduce non-local structure-aware regularization to properly constrain transmission estimation without introducing the halo artifacts. A selective-neighbor criterion is presented to convert the unconventional constrained optimization problem to an unconstrained one where the latter can be efficiently solved.



