# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-10-27
### Object Recognition System Design in Computer Vision: a Universal Approach
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.7170v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.7170v2)
- **Published**: 2013-10-27 07:56:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-09 18:45:50+00:00
- **Authors**: Andrew Gleibman
- **Comment**: 18 pages, 11 figures, 1 table
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The first contribution of this paper is architecture of a multipurpose system, which delegates a range of object detection tasks to a classifier, applied in special grid positions of the tested image. The second contribution is Gray Level-Radius Co-occurrence Matrix, which describes local image texture and topology and, unlike common second order statistics methods, is robust to image resolution. The third contribution is a parametrically controlled automatic synthesis of unlimited number of numerical features for classification. The fourth contribution is a method of optimizing parameters C and gamma in LibSVM-based classifier, which is 20-100 times faster than the commonly applied method. The work is essentially experimental, with demonstration of various methods for definition of objects of interest in images and video sequences.



### Compressed Sensing SAR Imaging with Multilook Processing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.7217v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.7217v1)
- **Published**: 2013-10-27 17:24:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-27 17:24:38+00:00
- **Authors**: Jian Fang, Zongben Xu, Bingchen Zhang, Wen Hong, Yirong Wu
- **Comment**: Will be submitted to GRS letter
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Multilook processing is a widely used speckle reduction approach in synthetic aperture radar (SAR) imaging. Conventionally, it is achieved by incoherently summing of some independent low-resolution images formulated from overlapping subbands of the SAR signal. However, in the context of compressive sensing (CS) SAR imaging, where the samples are collected at sub-Nyquist rate, the data spectrum is highly aliased that hinders the direct application of the existing multilook techniques. In this letter, we propose a new CS-SAR imaging method that can realize multilook processing simultaneously during image reconstruction. The main idea is to replace the SAR observation matrix by the inverse of multilook procedures, which is then combined with random sampling matrix to yield a multilook CS-SAR observation model. Then a joint sparse regularization model, considering pixel dependency of subimages, is derived to form multilook images. The suggested SAR imaging method can not only reconstruct sparse scene efficiently below Nyquist rate, but is also able to achieve a comparable reduction of speckles during reconstruction. Simulation results are finally provided to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.



