# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-10-30
### Tracking Deformable Parts via Dynamic Conditional Random Fields
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1311.0262v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICIP.2014.7025095
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.0262v1)
- **Published**: 2013-10-30 09:33:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-30 09:33:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Suofei Zhang, Zhixin Sun, Xu Cheng, Zhenyang Wu
- **Comment**: 4 pages, 5 figures, the manuscript has been submitted to IEEE Signal
  Processing Letters
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Despite the success of many advanced tracking methods in this area, tracking targets with drastic variation of appearance such as deformation, view change and partial occlusion in video sequences is still a challenge in practical applications. In this letter, we take these serious tracking problems into account simultaneously, proposing a dynamic graph based model to track object and its deformable parts at multiple resolutions. The method introduces well learned structural object detection models into object tracking applications as prior knowledge to deal with deformation and view change. Meanwhile, it explicitly formulates partial occlusion by integrating spatial potentials and temporal potentials with an unparameterized occlusion handling mechanism in the dynamic conditional random field framework. Empirical results demonstrate that the method outperforms state-of-the-art trackers on different challenging video sequences.



### Wavelet and Fast Fourier Transform based analysis of Solar Image
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1311.6799v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.6799v2)
- **Published**: 2013-10-30 10:37:28+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-10 16:40:09+00:00
- **Authors**: Sabyasachi Mukhopadhyay, Debadatta Dash, Swapnil Barmase, Prasanta K Panigrahi
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author due to some modifications
  are required for this current paper
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Both of Wavelet and Fast Fourier Transform are strong signal processing tools in the field of Data Analysis. In this paper fast fourier transform (FFT) and Wavelet Transform are employed to observe some important features of Solar image (December, 2004). We have tried to find out the periodicity and coherence of different sections of the solar image. We plotted the distribution of energy in solar surface by analyzing the solar image with scalograms and 3D-coefficient plots.



