# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-10-09
### Neural perceptual model to global-local vision for recognition of the logical structure of administrative documents
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.7440v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijaia
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.7440v1)
- **Published**: 2013-10-09 08:29:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-09 08:29:32+00:00
- **Authors**: Boulbaba Ben Ammar
- **Comment**: 17 pages, International Journal of Artificial Intelligence &
  Applications (IJAIA), Vol. 4, No. 5, September 2013
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper gives the definition of Transparent Neural Network "TNN" for the simulation of the globallocal vision and its application to the segmentation of administrative document image. We have developed and have adapted a recognition method which models the contextual effects reported from studies in experimental psychology. Then, we evaluated and tested the TNN and the multi-layer perceptron "MLP", which showed its effectiveness in the field of the recognition, in order to show that the TNN is clearer for the user and more powerful on the level of the recognition. Indeed, the TNN is the only system which makes it possible to recognize the document and its structure.



### Linear Algorithm for Digital Euclidean Connected Skeleton
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.2418v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.2418v3)
- **Published**: 2013-10-09 09:58:41+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-06-02 11:19:19+00:00
- **Authors**: Aurélie Leborgne, Julien Mille, Laure Tougne
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author because it was not
  correct and not accepted by CVIU
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The skeleton is an essential shape characteristic providing a compact representation of the studied shape. Its computation on the image grid raises many issues. Due to the effects of discretization, the required properties of the skeleton - thinness, homotopy to the shape, reversibility, connectivity - may become incompatible. However, as regards practical use, the choice of a specific skeletonization algorithm depends on the application. This allows to classify the desired properties by order of importance, and tend towards the most critical ones. Our goal is to make a skeleton dedicated to shape matching for recognition. So, the discrete skeleton has to be thin - so that it can be represented by a graph -, robust to noise, reversible - so that the initial shape can be fully reconstructed - and homotopic to the shape. We propose a linear-time skeletonization algorithm based on the squared Euclidean distance map from which we extract the maximal balls and ridges. After a thinning and pruning process, we obtain the skeleton. The proposed method is finally compared to fairly recent methods.



