# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-04-14
### An Axis-Based Representation for Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.2745v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1104.2745v1)
- **Published**: 2011-04-14 12:52:40+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-04-14 12:52:40+00:00
- **Authors**: Cagri Aslan, Sibel Tari
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: ICCV(2005) 1339-1346
- **Summary**: This paper presents a new axis-based shape representation scheme along with a matching framework to address the problem of generic shape recognition. The main idea is to define the relative spatial arrangement of local symmetry axes and their metric properties in a shape centered coordinate frame. The resulting descriptions are invariant to scale, rotation, small changes in viewpoint and articulations. Symmetry points are extracted from a surface whose level curves roughly mimic the motion by curvature. By increasing the amount of smoothing on the evolving curve, only those symmetry axes that correspond to the most prominent parts of a shape are extracted. The representation does not suffer from the common instability problems of the traditional connected skeletons. It captures the perceptual qualities of shapes well. Therefore finding the similarities and the differences among shapes becomes easier. The matching process gives highly successful results on a diverse database of 2D shapes.



### Disconnected Skeleton: Shape at its Absolute Scale
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.2751v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1104.2751v1)
- **Published**: 2011-04-14 13:02:43+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-04-14 13:02:43+00:00
- **Authors**: C. Aslan, A. Erdem, E. Erdem, S. Tari
- **Comment**: The work excluding {\S}V and {\S}VI has first appeared in 2005 ICCV:
  Aslan, C., Tari, S.: An Axis-Based Representation for Recognition. In
  ICCV(2005) 1339- 1346.; Aslan, C., : Disconnected Skeletons for Shape
  Recognition. Masters thesis, Department of Computer Engineering, Middle East
  Technical University, May 2005
- **Journal**: T-PAMI vol. 30 no. 12, pp. 2188-2203, 2008
- **Summary**: We present a new skeletal representation along with a matching framework to address the deformable shape recognition problem. The disconnectedness arises as a result of excessive regularization that we use to describe a shape at an attainably coarse scale. Our motivation is to rely on the stable properties of the shape instead of inaccurately measured secondary details. The new representation does not suffer from the common instability problems of traditional connected skeletons, and the matching process gives quite successful results on a diverse database of 2D shapes. An important difference of our approach from the conventional use of the skeleton is that we replace the local coordinate frame with a global Euclidean frame supported by additional mechanisms to handle articulations and local boundary deformations. As a result, we can produce descriptions that are sensitive to any combination of changes in scale, position, orientation and articulation, as well as invariant ones.



