# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-04-30
### An Automated Size Recognition Technique for Acetabular Implant in Total Hip Replacement
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1105.0079v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijcsit.2011.3218
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1105.0079v1)
- **Published**: 2011-04-30 12:07:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-04-30 12:07:11+00:00
- **Authors**: Azrulhizam Shapi'i, Riza Sulaiman, Mohammad Khatim Hasan, Abdul Yazid Mohd Kassim
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science & Information Technology
  (IJCSIT), Vol 3, No 2, April 2011
- **Summary**: Preoperative templating in Total Hip Replacement (THR) is a method to estimate the optimal size and position of the implant. Today, observational (manual) size recognition techniques are still used to find a suitable implant for the patient. Therefore, a digital and automated technique should be developed so that the implant size recognition process can be effectively implemented. For this purpose, we have introduced the new technique for acetabular implant size recognition in THR preoperative planning based on the diameter of acetabulum size. This technique enables the surgeon to recognise a digital acetabular implant size automatically. Ten randomly selected X-rays of unidentified patients were used to test the accuracy and utility of an automated implant size recognition technique. Based on the testing result, the new technique yielded very close results to those obtained by the observational method in nine studies (90%).



### Methods of Hierarchical Clustering
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1105.0121v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IR**, cs.CV, math.ST, stat.ML, stat.TH, 62H30, H.3.3; H.2.8; G.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1105.0121v1)
- **Published**: 2011-04-30 21:29:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-04-30 21:29:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Fionn Murtagh, Pedro Contreras
- **Comment**: 21 pages, 2 figures, 1 table, 69 references
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We survey agglomerative hierarchical clustering algorithms and discuss efficient implementations that are available in R and other software environments. We look at hierarchical self-organizing maps, and mixture models. We review grid-based clustering, focusing on hierarchical density-based approaches. Finally we describe a recently developed very efficient (linear time) hierarchical clustering algorithm, which can also be viewed as a hierarchical grid-based algorithm.



