# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-04-25
### Positive Semidefinite Metric Learning Using Boosting-like Algorithms
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.4704v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1104.4704v2)
- **Published**: 2011-04-25 10:38:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-04-12 05:56:40+00:00
- **Authors**: Chunhua Shen, Junae Kim, Lei Wang, Anton van den Hengel
- **Comment**: 30 pages, appearing in Journal of Machine Learning Research
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The success of many machine learning and pattern recognition methods relies heavily upon the identification of an appropriate distance metric on the input data. It is often beneficial to learn such a metric from the input training data, instead of using a default one such as the Euclidean distance. In this work, we propose a boosting-based technique, termed BoostMetric, for learning a quadratic Mahalanobis distance metric. Learning a valid Mahalanobis distance metric requires enforcing the constraint that the matrix parameter to the metric remains positive definite. Semidefinite programming is often used to enforce this constraint, but does not scale well and easy to implement. BoostMetric is instead based on the observation that any positive semidefinite matrix can be decomposed into a linear combination of trace-one rank-one matrices. BoostMetric thus uses rank-one positive semidefinite matrices as weak learners within an efficient and scalable boosting-based learning process. The resulting methods are easy to implement, efficient, and can accommodate various types of constraints. We extend traditional boosting algorithms in that its weak learner is a positive semidefinite matrix with trace and rank being one rather than a classifier or regressor. Experiments on various datasets demonstrate that the proposed algorithms compare favorably to those state-of-the-art methods in terms of classification accuracy and running time.



### Bayesian approach for near-duplicate image detection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.4723v1
- **DOI**: 10.1145/2324796.2324815
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1104.4723v1)
- **Published**: 2011-04-25 14:04:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-04-25 14:04:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Lucas Moutinho Bueno, Eduardo Valle, Ricardo da Silva Torres
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper we propose a bayesian approach for near-duplicate image detection, and investigate how different probabilistic models affect the performance obtained. The task of identifying an image whose metadata are missing is often demanded for a myriad of applications: metadata retrieval in cultural institutions, detection of copyright violations, investigation of latent cross-links in archives and libraries, duplicate elimination in storage management, etc. The majority of current solutions are based either on voting algorithms, which are very precise, but expensive; either on the use of visual dictionaries, which are efficient, but less precise. Our approach, uses local descriptors in a novel way, which by a careful application of decision theory, allows a very fine control of the compromise between precision and efficiency. In addition, the method attains a great compromise between those two axes, with more than 99% accuracy with less than 10 database operations.



