# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-04-12
### From a Modified Ambrosio-Tortorelli to a Randomized Part Hierarchy Tree
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.2171v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1104.2171v1)
- **Published**: 2011-04-12 11:20:06+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-04-12 11:20:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Sibel Tari, Murat Genctav
- **Comment**: Scale Space and Variational Methods 2011
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We demonstrate the possibility of coding parts, features that are higher level than boundaries, using a modified AT field after augmenting the interaction term of the AT energy with a non-local term and weakening the separation into boundary/not-boundary phases. The iteratively extracted parts using the level curves with double point singularities are organized as a proper binary tree. Inconsistencies due to non-generic configurations for level curves as well as due to visual changes such as occlusion are successfully handled once the tree is endowed with a probabilistic structure. The work is a step in establishing the AT function as a bridge between low and high level visual processing.



### Extracting Parts of 2D Shapes Using Local and Global Interactions Simultaneously
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.2175v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1104.2175v1)
- **Published**: 2011-04-12 11:33:20+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-04-12 11:33:20+00:00
- **Authors**: Sibel Tari
- **Comment**: invited book chapter, Handbook of Pattern Recognition and Computer
  Vision, 4th edition, C. Chen (ed) The presented surface is also related to
  Ambrosio-Tortorelli phase field
- **Journal**: Handbook of Pattern Recognition and Computer Vision, 4th edition,
  C. Chen (ed), Dec 2009
- **Summary**: Perception research provides strong evidence in favor of part based representation of shapes in human visual system. Despite considerable differences among different theories in terms of how part boundaries are found, there is substantial agreement on that the process depends on many local and global geometric factors. This poses an important challenge from the computational point of view. In the first part of the chapter, I present a novel decomposition method by taking both local and global interactions within the shape domain into account. At the top of the partitioning hierarchy, the shape gets split into two parts capturing, respectively, the gross structure and the peripheral structure. The gross structure may be conceived as the least deformable part of the shape which remains stable under visual transformations. The peripheral structure includes limbs, protrusions, and boundary texture. Such a separation is in accord with the behavior of the artists who start with a gross shape and enrich it with details. The method is particularly interesting from the computational point of view as it does not resort to any geometric notions (e.g. curvature, convexity) explicitly. In the second part of the chapter, I relate the new method to PDE based shape representation schemes.



### Elimination of Specular reflection and Identification of ROI: The First Step in Automated Detection of Cervical Cancer using Digital Colposcopy
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.2285v3
- **DOI**: 10.1109/IST.2011.5962218
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1104.2285v3)
- **Published**: 2011-04-12 17:49:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-08-11 09:17:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Abhishek Das, Avijit Kar, Debasis Bhattacharyya
- **Comment**: IEEE Imaging Systems and Techniques, 2011, Print ISBN:
  978-1-61284-894-5, pages 237 - 241
- **Journal**: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpls/abs_all.jsp?arnumber=5962218, 2011
- **Summary**: Cervical Cancer is one of the most common forms of cancer in women worldwide. Most cases of cervical cancer can be prevented through screening programs aimed at detecting precancerous lesions. During Digital Colposcopy, Specular Reflections (SR) appear as bright spots heavily saturated with white light. These occur due to the presence of moisture on the uneven cervix surface, which act like mirrors reflecting light from the illumination source. Apart from camouflaging the actual features, the SR also affects subsequent segmentation routines and hence must be removed. Our novel technique eliminates the SR and makes the colposcopic images (cervigram) ready for segmentation algorithms. The cervix region occupies about half of the cervigram image. Other parts of the image contain irrelevant information, such as equipment, frames, text and non-cervix tissues. This irrelevant information can confuse automatic identification of the tissues within the cervix. The first step is, therefore, focusing on the cervical borders, so that we have a geometric boundary on the relevant image area. We have proposed a type of modified kmeans clustering algorithm to evaluate the region of interest.



