# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-04-28
### Content-Based Spam Filtering on Video Sharing Social Networks
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.5284v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1104.5284v1)
- **Published**: 2011-04-28 03:16:42+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-04-28 03:16:42+00:00
- **Authors**: Antonio da Luz, Eduardo Valle, Arnaldo Araujo
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this work we are concerned with the detection of spam in video sharing social networks. Specifically, we investigate how much visual content-based analysis can aid in detecting spam in videos. This is a very challenging task, because of the high-level semantic concepts involved; of the assorted nature of social networks, preventing the use of constrained a priori information; and, what is paramount, of the context dependent nature of spam. Content filtering for social networks is an increasingly demanded task: due to their popularity, the number of abuses also tends to increase, annoying the user base and disrupting their services. We systematically evaluate several approaches for processing the visual information: using static and dynamic (motionaware) features, with and without considering the context, and with or without latent semantic analysis (LSA). Our experiments show that LSA is helpful, but taking the context into consideration is paramount. The whole scheme shows good results, showing the feasibility of the concept.



### A supervised clustering approach for fMRI-based inference of brain states
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.5304v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.patcog.2011.04.006
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1104.5304v1)
- **Published**: 2011-04-28 06:12:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-04-28 06:12:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Vincent Michel, Alexandre Gramfort, Gaël Varoquaux, Evelyn Eger, Christine Keribin, Bertrand Thirion
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Pattern Recognition (2011)
- **Summary**: We propose a method that combines signals from many brain regions observed in functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) to predict the subject's behavior during a scanning session. Such predictions suffer from the huge number of brain regions sampled on the voxel grid of standard fMRI data sets: the curse of dimensionality. Dimensionality reduction is thus needed, but it is often performed using a univariate feature selection procedure, that handles neither the spatial structure of the images, nor the multivariate nature of the signal. By introducing a hierarchical clustering of the brain volume that incorporates connectivity constraints, we reduce the span of the possible spatial configurations to a single tree of nested regions tailored to the signal. We then prune the tree in a supervised setting, hence the name supervised clustering, in order to extract a parcellation (division of the volume) such that parcel-based signal averages best predict the target information. Dimensionality reduction is thus achieved by feature agglomeration, and the constructed features now provide a multi-scale representation of the signal. Comparisons with reference methods on both simulated and real data show that our approach yields higher prediction accuracy than standard voxel-based approaches. Moreover, the method infers an explicit weighting of the regions involved in the regression or classification task.



