# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-02-26
### Are Tensor Decomposition Solutions Unique? On the global convergence of HOSVD and ParaFac algorithms
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0902.4521v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0902.4521v1)
- **Published**: 2009-02-26 07:20:49+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-02-26 07:20:49+00:00
- **Authors**: Dijun Luo, Heng Huang, Chris Ding
- **Comment**: Submitted to CVPR2009 in Nov. 20, 2008
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: For tensor decompositions such as HOSVD and ParaFac, the objective functions are nonconvex. This implies, theoretically, there exists a large number of local optimas: starting from different starting point, the iteratively improved solution will converge to different local solutions. This non-uniqueness present a stability and reliability problem for image compression and retrieval. In this paper, we present the results of a comprehensive investigation of this problem. We found that although all tensor decomposition algorithms fail to reach a unique global solution on random data and severely scrambled data; surprisingly however, on all real life several data sets (even with substantial scramble and occlusions), HOSVD always produce the unique global solution in the parameter region suitable to practical applications, while ParaFac produce non-unique solutions. We provide an eigenvalue based rule for the assessing the solution uniqueness.



### Dipole Vectors in Images Processing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0902.4663v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0902.4663v1)
- **Published**: 2009-02-26 18:42:30+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-02-26 18:42:30+00:00
- **Authors**: Amelia Sparavigna
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Instead of evaluating the gradient field of the brightness map of an image, we propose the use of dipole vectors. This approach is obtained by adapting to the image gray-tone distribution the definition of the dipole moment of charge distributions. We will show how to evaluate the dipoles and obtain a vector field, which can be a good alternative to the gradient field in pattern recognition.



