# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-12-07
### Automatic creation of urban velocity fields from aerial video
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0912.1310v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0912.1310v1)
- **Published**: 2009-12-07 19:04:41+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-12-07 19:04:41+00:00
- **Authors**: Edward Rosten, Rohan Loveland, Mark Hickman
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 5 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we present a system for modelling vehicle motion in an urban scene from low frame-rate aerial video. In particular, the scene is modelled as a probability distribution over velocities at every pixel in the image.   We describe the complete system for acquiring this model. The video is captured from a helicopter and stabilized by warping the images to match an orthorectified image of the area. A pixel classifier is applied to the stabilized images, and the response is segmented to determine car locations and orientations. The results are fed in to a tracking scheme which tracks cars for three frames, creating tracklets. This allows the tracker to use a combination of velocity, direction, appearance, and acceleration cues to keep only tracks likely to be correct. Each tracklet provides a measurement of the car velocity at every point along the tracklet's length, and these are then aggregated to create a histogram of vehicle velocities at every pixel in the image.   The results demonstrate that the velocity probability distribution prior can be used to infer a variety of information about road lane directions, speed limits, vehicle speeds and common trajectories, and traffic bottlenecks, as well as providing a means of describing environmental knowledge about traffic rules that can be used in tracking.



