# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-12-11
### Synthesis of supervised classification algorithm using intelligent and statistical tools
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0912.2302v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0912.2302v1)
- **Published**: 2009-12-11 18:14:29+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-12-11 18:14:29+00:00
- **Authors**: Ali Douik, Mourad Moussa Jlassi
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IJCSE Volume 1 Issue 2 2009 89-97
- **Summary**: A fundamental task in detecting foreground objects in both static and dynamic scenes is to take the best choice of color system representation and the efficient technique for background modeling. We propose in this paper a non-parametric algorithm dedicated to segment and to detect objects in color images issued from a football sports meeting. Indeed segmentation by pixel concern many applications and revealed how the method is robust to detect objects, even in presence of strong shadows and highlights. In the other hand to refine their playing strategy such as in football, handball, volley ball, Rugby..., the coach need to have a maximum of technical-tactics information about the on-going of the game and the players. We propose in this paper a range of algorithms allowing the resolution of many problems appearing in the automated process of team identification, where each player is affected to his corresponding team relying on visual data. The developed system was tested on a match of the Tunisian national competition. This work is prominent for many next computer vision studies as it's detailed in this study.



### Heart Rate Variability Analysis Using Threshold of Wavelet Package Coefficients
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0912.2316v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.data-an, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0912.2316v1)
- **Published**: 2009-12-11 18:53:44+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-12-11 18:53:44+00:00
- **Authors**: G. Kheder, A. Kachouri, M. Ben Massoued, M. Samet
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IJCSE Volume 1 Issue 3 2009 131-136
- **Summary**: In this paper, a new efficient feature extraction method based on the adaptive threshold of wavelet package coefficients is presented. This paper especially deals with the assessment of autonomic nervous system using the background variation of the signal Heart Rate Variability HRV extracted from the wavelet package coefficients. The application of a wavelet package transform allows us to obtain a time-frequency representation of the signal, which provides better insight in the frequency distribution of the signal with time. A 6 level decomposition of HRV was achieved with db4 as mother wavelet, and the above two bands LF and HF were combined in 12 specialized frequencies sub-bands obtained in wavelet package transform. Features extracted from these coefficients can efficiently represent the characteristics of the original signal. ANOVA statistical test is used for the evaluation of proposed algorithm.



