# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2005-03-22
### A hybrid MLP-PNN architecture for fast image superresolution
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/cs/0503053v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM, I.4.5; I.2.6; I.5.1
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/cs/0503053v1)
- **Published**: 2005-03-22 11:45:59+00:00
- **Updated**: 2005-03-22 11:45:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Carlos Miravet, Francisco B. Rodriguez
- **Comment**: 8 pages with 4 figures. ICANN/ICONIP 2003
- **Journal**: Lect. Notes Comput. Sc. 2714 (2003) 401-408
- **Summary**: Image superresolution methods process an input image sequence of a scene to obtain a still image with increased resolution. Classical approaches to this problem involve complex iterative minimization procedures, typically with high computational costs. In this paper is proposed a novel algorithm for super-resolution that enables a substantial decrease in computer load. First, a probabilistic neural network architecture is used to perform a scattered-point interpolation of the image sequence data. The network kernel function is optimally determined for this problem by a multi-layer perceptron trained on synthetic data. Network parameters dependence on sequence noise level is quantitatively analyzed. This super-sampled image is spatially filtered to correct finite pixel size effects, to yield the final high-resolution estimate. Results on a real outdoor sequence are presented, showing the quality of the proposed method.



### Semi-automatic vectorization of linear networks on rasterized cartographic maps
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/cs/0503056v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM, I.4.6
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/cs/0503056v1)
- **Published**: 2005-03-22 20:16:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2005-03-22 20:16:52+00:00
- **Authors**: Carlos Miravet, Enrique Coiras, Javier Santamaria
- **Comment**: 12 pages with 13 figures, in Spanish
- **Journal**: Revista de Teledeteccion, 10 (1998)
- **Summary**: A system for semi-automatic vectorization of linear networks (roads, rivers, etc.) on rasterized cartographic maps is presented. In this system, human intervention is limited to a graphic, interactive selection of the color attributes of the information to be obtained. Using this data, the system performs a preliminary extraction of the linear network, which is subsequently completed, refined and vectorized by means of an automatic procedure. Results on maps of different sources and scales are included.   -----   Se presenta un sistema semi-automatico de vectorizacion de redes de objetos lineales (carreteras, rios, etc.) en mapas cartograficos digitalizados. En este sistema, la intervencion humana queda reducida a la seleccion grafica interactiva de los atributos de color de la informacion a obtener. Con estos datos, el sistema realiza una extraccion preliminar de la red lineal, que se completa, refina y vectoriza mediante un procedimiento automatico. Se presentan resultados de la aplicacion del sistema sobre imagenes digitalizadas de mapas de distinta procedencia y escala.



