# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-11-29
### A New Automatic Method to Adjust Parameters for Object Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1211.6971v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1211.6971v1)
- **Published**: 2012-11-29 16:35:07+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-11-29 16:35:07+00:00
- **Authors**: Issam Qaffou, Mohamed Sadgal, Aziz Elfazziki
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IJACSA 2012
- **Summary**: To recognize an object in an image, the user must apply a combination of operators, where each operator has a set of parameters. These parameters must be well adjusted in order to reach good results. Usually, this adjustment is made manually by the user. In this paper we propose a new method to automate the process of parameter adjustment for an object recognition task. Our method is based on reinforcement learning, we use two types of agents: User Agent that gives the necessary information and Parameter Agent that adjusts the parameters of each operator. Due to the nature of reinforcement learning the results do not depend only on the system characteristics but also on the user favorite choices.



### SVD Based Image Processing Applications: State of The Art, Contributions and Research Challenges
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1211.7102v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1211.7102v1)
- **Published**: 2012-11-29 21:52:00+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-11-29 21:52:00+00:00
- **Authors**: Rowayda A. Sadek
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: (IJACSA) International Journal of Advanced Computer Science and
  Applications, Vol. 3, No. 7, 2012 26-34
- **Summary**: Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) has recently emerged as a new paradigm for processing different types of images. SVD is an attractive algebraic transform for image processing applications. The paper proposes an experimental survey for the SVD as an efficient transform in image processing applications. Despite the well-known fact that SVD offers attractive properties in imaging, the exploring of using its properties in various image applications is currently at its infancy. Since the SVD has many attractive properties have not been utilized, this paper contributes in using these generous properties in newly image applications and gives a highly recommendation for more research challenges. In this paper, the SVD properties for images are experimentally presented to be utilized in developing new SVD-based image processing applications. The paper offers survey on the developed SVD based image applications. The paper also proposes some new contributions that were originated from SVD properties analysis in different image processing. The aim of this paper is to provide a better understanding of the SVD in image processing and identify important various applications and open research directions in this increasingly important area; SVD based image processing in the future research.



