# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-11-03
### Segmentation of ultrasound images of thyroid nodule for assisting fine needle aspiration cytology
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1211.0602v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1211.0602v1)
- **Published**: 2012-11-03 06:55:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-11-03 06:55:03+00:00
- **Authors**: Jie Zhao, Wei Zheng, Li Zhang, Hua Tian
- **Comment**: 15pages,13figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The incidence of thyroid nodule is very high and generally increases with the age. Thyroid nodule may presage the emergence of thyroid cancer. The thyroid nodule can be completely cured if detected early. Fine needle aspiration cytology is a recognized early diagnosis method of thyroid nodule. There are still some limitations in the fine needle aspiration cytology, and the ultrasound diagnosis of thyroid nodule has become the first choice for auxiliary examination of thyroid nodular disease. If we could combine medical imaging technology and fine needle aspiration cytology, the diagnostic rate of thyroid nodule would be improved significantly. The properties of ultrasound will degrade the image quality, which makes it difficult to recognize the edges for physicians. Image segmentation technique based on graph theory has become a research hotspot at present. Normalized cut (Ncut) is a representative one, which is suitable for segmentation of feature parts of medical image. However, how to solve the normalized cut has become a problem, which needs large memory capacity and heavy calculation of weight matrix. It always generates over segmentation or less segmentation which leads to inaccurate in the segmentation. The speckle noise in B ultrasound image of thyroid tumor makes the quality of the image deteriorate. In the light of this characteristic, we combine the anisotropic diffusion model with the normalized cut in this paper. After the enhancement of anisotropic diffusion model, it removes the noise in the B ultrasound image while preserves the important edges and local details. This reduces the amount of computation in constructing the weight matrix of the improved normalized cut and improves the accuracy of the final segmentation results. The feasibility of the method is proved by the experimental results.



### Application of Symmetric Uncertainty and Mutual Information to Dimensionality Reduction and Classification of Hyperspectral Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1211.0613v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1211.0613v2)
- **Published**: 2012-11-03 14:01:29+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-12-17 23:35:05+00:00
- **Authors**: ELkebir Sarhrouni, Ahmed Hammouch, Driss Aboutajdine
- **Comment**: 14 pages, 7 Figure, 2 Tables, Paper keywords: Hyperspectral images,
  Classification, Feature Selection, Mutual information, Redundancy. arXiv
  admin note: text overlap with arXiv:1210.0052, arXiv:1211.0055
- **Journal**: International Journal of Engineering and Technology (IJET)
  VOL:4({\deg}5).P. 268--276. 2012
- **Summary**: Remote sensing is a technology to acquire data for disatant substances, necessary to construct a model knowledge for applications as classification. Recently Hyperspectral Images (HSI) becomes a high technical tool that the main goal is to classify the point of a region. The HIS is more than a hundred bidirectional measures, called bands (or simply images), of the same region called Ground Truth Map (GT). But some bands are not relevant because they are affected by different atmospheric effects; others contain redundant information; and high dimensionality of HSI features make the accuracy of classification lower. All these bands can be important for some applications; but for the classification a small subset of these is relevant. The problematic related to HSI is the dimensionality reduction. Many studies use mutual information (MI) to select the relevant bands. Others studies use the MI normalized forms, like Symmetric Uncertainty, in medical imagery applications. In this paper we introduce an algorithm based also on MI to select relevant bands and it apply the Symmetric Uncertainty coefficient to control redundancy and increase the accuracy of classification. This algorithm is feature selection tool and a Filter strategy. We establish this study on HSI AVIRIS 92AV3C. This is an effectiveness, and fast scheme to control redundancy.



