# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-03-07
### Secured Cryptographic Key Generation From Multimodal Biometrics: Feature Level Fusion of Fingerprint and Iris
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1003.1458v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CR**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1003.1458v1)
- **Published**: 2010-03-07 12:15:40+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-03-07 12:15:40+00:00
- **Authors**: A. Jagadeesan, K. Duraiswamy
- **Comment**: Pages IEEE format, International Journal of Computer Science and
  Information Security, IJCSIS February 2010, ISSN 1947 5500,
  http://sites.google.com/site/ijcsis/
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science and Information
  Security, IJCSIS, Vol. 7, No. 2, pp. 028-037, February 2010, USA
- **Summary**: Human users have a tough time remembering long cryptographic keys. Hence, researchers, for so long, have been examining ways to utilize biometric features of the user instead of a memorable password or passphrase, in an effort to generate strong and repeatable cryptographic keys. Our objective is to incorporate the volatility of the user's biometric features into the generated key, so as to make the key unguessable to an attacker lacking significant knowledge of the user's biometrics. We go one step further trying to incorporate multiple biometric modalities into cryptographic key generation so as to provide better security. In this article, we propose an efficient approach based on multimodal biometrics (Iris and fingerprint) for generation of secure cryptographic key. The proposed approach is composed of three modules namely, 1) Feature extraction, 2) Multimodal biometric template generation and 3) Cryptographic key generation. Initially, the features, minutiae points and texture properties are extracted from the fingerprint and iris images respectively. Subsequently, the extracted features are fused together at the feature level to construct the multi-biometric template. Finally, a 256-bit secure cryptographic key is generated from the multi-biometric template. For experimentation, we have employed the fingerprint images obtained from publicly available sources and the iris images from CASIA Iris Database. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.



### Clinical gait data analysis based on Spatio-Temporal features
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1003.1511v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1003.1511v1)
- **Published**: 2010-03-07 18:46:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-03-07 18:46:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Rohit Katiyar, Dr. Vinay Kumar Pathak
- **Comment**: Pages IEEE format, International Journal of Computer Science and
  Information Security, IJCSIS, Vol. 7 No. 2, February 2010, USA. ISSN 1947
  5500, http://sites.google.com/site/ijcsis/
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Analysing human gait has found considerable interest in recent computer vision research. So far, however, contributions to this topic exclusively dealt with the tasks of person identification or activity recognition. In this paper, we consider a different application for gait analysis and examine its use as a means of deducing the physical well-being of people. The proposed method is based on transforming the joint motion trajectories using wavelets to extract spatio-temporal features which are then fed as input to a vector quantiser; a self-organising map for classification of walking patterns of individuals with and without pathology. We show that our proposed algorithm is successful in extracting features that successfully discriminate between individuals with and without locomotion impairment.



