# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-03-03
### Securing Interactive Sessions Using Mobile Device through Visual Channel and Visual Inspection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1003.0723v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CR**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1003.0723v2)
- **Published**: 2010-03-03 03:31:29+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-07-08 04:10:33+00:00
- **Authors**: Chengfang Fang, Ee-Chien Chang
- **Comment**: 16 pages, 10 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Communication channel established from a display to a device's camera is known as visual channel, and it is helpful in securing key exchange protocol. In this paper, we study how visual channel can be exploited by a network terminal and mobile device to jointly verify information in an interactive session, and how such information can be jointly presented in a user-friendly manner, taking into account that the mobile device can only capture and display a small region, and the user may only want to authenticate selective regions-of-interests. Motivated by applications in Kiosk computing and multi-factor authentication, we consider three security models: (1) the mobile device is trusted, (2) at most one of the terminal or the mobile device is dishonest, and (3) both the terminal and device are dishonest but they do not collude or communicate. We give two protocols and investigate them under the abovementioned models. We point out a form of replay attack that renders some other straightforward implementations cumbersome to use. To enhance user-friendliness, we propose a solution using visual cues embedded into the 2D barcodes and incorporate the framework of "augmented reality" for easy verifications through visual inspection. We give a proof-of-concept implementation to show that our scheme is feasible in practice.



### Properties of the Discrete Pulse Transform for Multi-Dimensional Arrays
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1003.0776v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1003.0776v1)
- **Published**: 2010-03-03 10:58:20+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-03-03 10:58:20+00:00
- **Authors**: Roumen Anguelov, Inger Fabris-Rotelli
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This report presents properties of the Discrete Pulse Transform on multi-dimensional arrays introduced by the authors two or so years ago. The main result given here in Lemma 2.1 is also formulated in a paper to appear in IEEE Transactions on Image Processing. However, the proof, being too technical, was omitted there and hence it appears in full in this publication.



