# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-07-17
### An landcover fuzzy logic classification by maximumlikelihood
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.4739v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.4739v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-17 17:10:06+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-17 17:10:06+00:00
- **Authors**: T. Sarath, G. Nagalakshmi
- **Comment**: 5 Pages, 3 Figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In present days remote sensing is most used application in many sectors. This remote sensing uses different images like multispectral, hyper spectral or ultra spectral. The remote sensing image classification is one of the significant method to classify image. In this state we classify the maximum likelihood classification with fuzzy logic. In this we experimenting fuzzy logic like spatial, spectral texture methods in that different sub methods to be used for image classification.



### Efficient On-the-fly Category Retrieval using ConvNets and GPUs
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.4764v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, cs.NE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.4764v3)
- **Published**: 2014-07-17 18:29:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-17 12:10:23+00:00
- **Authors**: Ken Chatfield, Karen Simonyan, Andrew Zisserman
- **Comment**: Published in proceedings of ACCV 2014
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We investigate the gains in precision and speed, that can be obtained by using Convolutional Networks (ConvNets) for on-the-fly retrieval - where classifiers are learnt at run time for a textual query from downloaded images, and used to rank large image or video datasets.   We make three contributions: (i) we present an evaluation of state-of-the-art image representations for object category retrieval over standard benchmark datasets containing 1M+ images; (ii) we show that ConvNets can be used to obtain features which are incredibly performant, and yet much lower dimensional than previous state-of-the-art image representations, and that their dimensionality can be reduced further without loss in performance by compression using product quantization or binarization. Consequently, features with the state-of-the-art performance on large-scale datasets of millions of images can fit in the memory of even a commodity GPU card; (iii) we show that an SVM classifier can be learnt within a ConvNet framework on a GPU in parallel with downloading the new training images, allowing for a continuous refinement of the model as more images become available, and simultaneous training and ranking. The outcome is an on-the-fly system that significantly outperforms its predecessors in terms of: precision of retrieval, memory requirements, and speed, facilitating accurate on-the-fly learning and ranking in under a second on a single GPU.



