# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-07-31
### A New Model of Array Grammar for generating Connected Patterns on an Image Neighborhood
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.8337v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.FL**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.8337v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-31 10:04:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-31 10:04:19+00:00
- **Authors**: G. Vishnu Murthy, Pavan Kumar C., Vakulabharanam Vijaya Kumar
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Study of patterns on images is recognized as an important step in characterization and classification of image. The ability to efficiently analyze and describe image patterns is thus of fundamental importance. The study of syntactic methods of describing pictures has been of interest for researchers. Array Grammars can be used to represent and recognize connected patterns. In any image the patterns are recognized using connected patterns. It is very difficult to represent all connected patterns (CP) even on a small 3 x 3 neighborhood in a pictorial way. The present paper proposes the model of array grammar capable of generating any kind of simple or complex pattern and derivation of connected pattern in an image neighborhood using the proposed grammar is discussed.



### A Bottom-Up Approach for Automatic Pancreas Segmentation in Abdominal CT Scans
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.8497v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.8497v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-31 17:51:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-31 17:51:03+00:00
- **Authors**: Amal Farag, Le Lu, Evrim Turkbey, Jiamin Liu, Ronald M. Summers
- **Comment**: Abdominal Workshop in Conjunction with MICCAI 2014
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Organ segmentation is a prerequisite for a computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) system to detect pathologies and perform quantitative analysis. For anatomically high-variability abdominal organs such as the pancreas, previous segmentation works report low accuracies when comparing to organs like the heart or liver. In this paper, a fully-automated bottom-up method is presented for pancreas segmentation, using abdominal computed tomography (CT) scans. The method is based on a hierarchical two-tiered information propagation by classifying image patches. It labels superpixels as pancreas or not via pooling patch-level confidences on 2D CT slices over-segmented by the Simple Linear Iterative Clustering approach. A supervised random forest (RF) classifier is trained on the patch level and a two-level cascade of RFs is applied at the superpixel level, coupled with multi-channel feature extraction, respectively. On six-fold cross-validation using 80 patient CT volumes, we achieved 68.8% Dice coefficient and 57.2% Jaccard Index, comparable to or slightly better than published state-of-the-art methods.



