# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-07-01
### Imaging with Kantorovich-Rubinstein discrepancy
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.0221v1
- **DOI**: 10.1137/140975528
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.NA
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.0221v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-01 13:06:00+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-01 13:06:00+00:00
- **Authors**: Jan Lellmann, Dirk A. Lorenz, Carola Schönlieb, Tuomo Valkonen
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We propose the use of the Kantorovich-Rubinstein norm from optimal transport in imaging problems. In particular, we discuss a variational regularisation model endowed with a Kantorovich-Rubinstein discrepancy term and total variation regularization in the context of image denoising and cartoon-texture decomposition. We point out connections of this approach to several other recently proposed methods such as total generalized variation and norms capturing oscillating patterns. We also show that the respective optimization problem can be turned into a convex-concave saddle point problem with simple constraints and hence, can be solved by standard tools. Numerical examples exhibit interesting features and favourable performance for denoising and cartoon-texture decomposition.



### A New Path to Construct Parametric Orientation Field: Sparse FOMFE Model and Compressed Sparse FOMFE Model
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.0342v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.0342v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-01 18:18:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-01 18:18:39+00:00
- **Authors**: Jinwei Xu, Jiankun Hu, Xiuping Jia
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Orientation field, representing the fingerprint ridge structure direction, plays a crucial role in fingerprint-related image processing tasks. Orientation field is able to be constructed by either non-parametric or parametric methods. In this paper, the advantages and disadvantages regarding to the existing non-parametric and parametric approaches are briefly summarized. With the further investigation for constructing the orientation field by parametric technique, two new models - sparse FOMFE model and compressed sparse FOMFE model are introduced, based on the rapidly developing signal sparse representation and compressed sensing theories. The experiments on high-quality fingerprint image dataset (plain and rolled print) and poor-quality fingerprint image dataset (latent print) demonstrate their feasibilities to construct the orientation field in a sparse or even compressed sparse mode. The comparisons among the state-of-art orientation field modeling approaches show that the proposed two models have the potential availability in big data-oriented fingerprint indexing tasks.



