# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-07-21
### Certifying the Existence of Epipolar Matrices
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.5367v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.AG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.5367v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-21 03:56:13+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-21 03:56:13+00:00
- **Authors**: Sameer Agarwal, Hon-leung Lee, Bernd Sturmfels, Rekha R. Thomas
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Given a set of point correspondences in two images, the existence of a fundamental matrix is a necessary condition for the points to be the images of a 3-dimensional scene imaged with two pinhole cameras. If the camera calibration is known then one requires the existence of an essential matrix.   We present an efficient algorithm, using exact linear algebra, for testing the existence of a fundamental matrix. The input is any number of point correspondences. For essential matrices, we characterize the solvability of the Demazure polynomials. In both scenarios, we determine which linear subspaces intersect a fixed set defined by non-linear polynomials. The conditions we derive are polynomials stated purely in terms of image coordinates. They represent a new class of two-view invariants, free of fundamental (resp.~essential)~matrices.



### Multichannel Compressive Sensing MRI Using Noiselet Encoding
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.5536v2
- **DOI**: 10.1371/journal.pone.0126386
- **Categories**: **physics.med-ph**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.5536v2)
- **Published**: 2014-07-21 17:14:18+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-22 02:56:38+00:00
- **Authors**: Kamlesh Pawar, Gary F. Egan, Jingxin Zhang
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The incoherence between measurement and sparsifying transform matrices and the restricted isometry property (RIP) of measurement matrix are two of the key factors in determining the performance of compressive sensing (CS). In CS-MRI, the randomly under-sampled Fourier matrix is used as the measurement matrix and the wavelet transform is usually used as sparsifying transform matrix. However, the incoherence between the randomly under-sampled Fourier matrix and the wavelet matrix is not optimal, which can deteriorate the performance of CS-MRI. Using the mathematical result that noiselets are maximally incoherent with wavelets, this paper introduces the noiselet unitary bases as the measurement matrix to improve the incoherence and RIP in CS-MRI, and presents a method to design the pulse sequence for the noiselet encoding. This novel encoding scheme is combined with the multichannel compressive sensing (MCS) framework to take the advantage of multichannel data acquisition used in MRI scanners. An empirical RIP analysis is presented to compare the multichannel noiselet and multichannel Fourier measurement matrices in MCS. Simulations are presented in the MCS framework to compare the performance of noiselet encoding reconstructions and Fourier encoding reconstructions at different acceleration factors. The comparisons indicate that multichannel noiselet measurement matrix has better RIP than that of its Fourier counterpart, and that noiselet encoded MCS-MRI outperforms Fourier encoded MCS-MRI in preserving image resolution and can achieve higher acceleration factors. To demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed noiselet encoding scheme, two pulse sequences with tailored spatially selective RF excitation pulses was designed and implemented on a 3T scanner to acquire the data in the noiselet domain from a phantom and a human brain.



