# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-07-05
### Homophilic Clustering by Locally Asymmetric Geometry
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.1352v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 68T10, 62H30, 91C20
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.1352v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-05 01:58:13+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-05 01:58:13+00:00
- **Authors**: Deli Zhao, Xiaoou Tang
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 24 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Clustering is indispensable for data analysis in many scientific disciplines. Detecting clusters from heavy noise remains challenging, particularly for high-dimensional sparse data. Based on graph-theoretic framework, the present paper proposes a novel algorithm to address this issue. The locally asymmetric geometries of neighborhoods between data points result in a directed similarity graph to model the structural connectivity of data points. Performing similarity propagation on this directed graph simply by its adjacency matrix powers leads to an interesting discovery, in the sense that if the in-degrees are ordered by the corresponding sorted out-degrees, they will be self-organized to be homophilic layers according to the different distributions of cluster densities, which is dubbed the Homophilic In-degree figure (the HI figure). With the HI figure, we can easily single out all cores of clusters, identify the boundary between cluster and noise, and visualize the intrinsic structures of clusters. Based on the in-degree homophily, we also develop a simple efficient algorithm of linear space complexity to cluster noisy data. Extensive experiments on toy and real-world scientific data validate the effectiveness of our algorithms.



### A New Approach for Super resolution by Using Web Images and FFT Based Image Registration
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.3675v1
- **DOI**: 10.14445/22315381/IJETT-V12P289
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.3675v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-05 13:10:01+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-05 13:10:01+00:00
- **Authors**: Archana Vijayan, Vincy Salam
- **Comment**: 7 pages,4 figures,Published with International Journal of Engineering
  Trends and Technology (IJETT)
- **Journal**: International Journal of Engineering Trends and Technology
  (IJETT), V12(9),473-479 June 2014
- **Summary**: Preserving accuracy is a challenging issue in super resolution images. In this paper, we propose a new FFT based image registration algorithm and a sparse based super resolution algorithm to improve the accuracy of super resolution image. Given a low resolution image, our approach initially extracts the local descriptors from the input and then the local descriptors from the whole correlated images using the SIFT algorithm. Once this is completed, it will compare the local descriptors on the basis of a threshold value. The retrieved images could be having different focal length, illumination, inclination and size. To overcome the above differences of the retrieved images, we propose a new FFT based image registration algorithm. After the registration stage, we apply a sparse based super resolution on the images for recreating images with better resolution compared to the input. Based on the PSSNR calculation and SSIM comparison, we can see that the new methodology creates a better image than the traditional methods.



### Image Fusion Using LEP Filtering and Bilinear Interpolation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.3986v1
- **DOI**: 10.14445/22315381/IJETT-V12P282
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.3986v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-05 13:12:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-05 13:12:39+00:00
- **Authors**: Haritha Raveendran, Deepa Thomas
- **Comment**: 5 pages. 4 figures, Published with International Journal of
  Engineering Trends and Technology (IJETT)
- **Journal**: International Journal of Engineering Trends and Technology
  (IJETT), V12(9),427-431 June 2014
- **Summary**: Image Fusion is the process in which core information from a set of component images is merged to form a single image, which is more informative and complete than the component input images in quality and appearance. This paper presents a fast and effective image fusion method for creating high quality fused images by merging component images. In the proposed method, the input image is broken down to a two-scale image representation with a base layer having large scale variations in intensity, and a detail layer containing small scale details. Here fusion of the base and detail layers is implemented by means of a Local Edge preserving filtering based technique. The proposed method is an efficient image fusion technique in which the noise component is very low and quality of the resultant image is high so that it can be used for applications like medical image processing, requiring very accurate edge preserved images. Performance is tested by calculating PSNR and SSIM of images. The benefit of the proposed method is that it removes noise without altering the underlying structures of the image. This paper also presents an image zooming technique using bilinear interpolation in which a portion of the input image is cropped and bilinear interpolation is applied. Experimental results showed that the when PSNR value is calculated, the noise is found to be very low for the resultant image portion.



