# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-07-16
### Mobile Camera Array Calibration for Light Field Acquisition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.4206v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.4206v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-16 06:38:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-16 06:38:24+00:00
- **Authors**: Yichao Xu, Kazuki Maeno, Hajime Nagahara, Rin-ichiro Taniguchi
- **Comment**: 11th International Conference on Quality Control by Artificial Vision
  (QCAV2013)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The light field camera is useful for computer graphics and vision applications. Calibration is an essential step for these applications. After calibration, we can rectify the captured image by using the calibrated camera parameters. However, the large camera array calibration method, which assumes that all cameras are on the same plane, ignores the orientation and intrinsic parameters. The multi-camera calibration technique usually assumes that the working volume and viewpoints are fixed. In this paper, we describe a calibration algorithm suitable for a mobile camera array based light field acquisition system. The algorithm performs in Zhang's style by moving a checkerboard, and computes the initial parameters in closed form. Global optimization is then applied to refine all the parameters simultaneously. Our implementation is rather flexible in that users can assign the number of viewpoints and refinement of intrinsic parameters is optional. Experiments on both simulated data and real data acquired by a commercial product show that our method yields good results. Digital refocusing application shows the calibrated light field can well focus to the target object we desired.



### Kernel Nonnegative Matrix Factorization Without the Curse of the Pre-image - Application to Unmixing Hyperspectral Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.4420v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IT, cs.LG, cs.NE, math.IT, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.4420v2)
- **Published**: 2014-07-16 18:46:41+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-03-27 20:44:42+00:00
- **Authors**: Fei Zhu, Paul Honeine, Maya Kallas
- **Comment**: 13 pages, 12 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The nonnegative matrix factorization (NMF) is widely used in signal and image processing, including bio-informatics, blind source separation and hyperspectral image analysis in remote sensing. A great challenge arises when dealing with a nonlinear formulation of the NMF. Within the framework of kernel machines, the models suggested in the literature do not allow the representation of the factorization matrices, which is a fallout of the curse of the pre-image. In this paper, we propose a novel kernel-based model for the NMF that does not suffer from the pre-image problem, by investigating the estimation of the factorization matrices directly in the input space. For different kernel functions, we describe two schemes for iterative algorithms: an additive update rule based on a gradient descent scheme and a multiplicative update rule in the same spirit as in the Lee and Seung algorithm. Within the proposed framework, we develop several extensions to incorporate constraints, including sparseness, smoothness, and spatial regularization with a total-variation-like penalty. The effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated with the problem of unmixing hyperspectral images, using well-known real images and results with state-of-the-art techniques.



