# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-07-29
### A Survey on Two Dimensional Cellular Automata and Its Application in Image Processing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.7626v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.7626v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-29 04:09:09+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-29 04:09:09+00:00
- **Authors**: Deepak Ranjan Nayak, Prashanta Kumar Patra, Amitav Mahapatra
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 10 figures, 4 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Parallel algorithms for solving any image processing task is a highly demanded approach in the modern world. Cellular Automata (CA) are the most common and simple models of parallel computation. So, CA has been successfully used in the domain of image processing for the last couple of years. This paper provides a survey of available literatures of some methodologies employed by different researchers to utilize the cellular automata for solving some important problems of image processing. The survey includes some important image processing tasks such as rotation, zooming, translation, segmentation, edge detection, compression and noise reduction of images. Finally, the experimental results of some methodologies are presented.



### Hyperspectral Imaging and Analysis for Sparse Reconstruction and Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.7686v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.1; I.4.5; I.4.7; I.4.10; I.5.4; I.7.5
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.7686v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-29 10:29:28+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-29 10:29:28+00:00
- **Authors**: Zohaib Khan
- **Comment**: PhD Thesis, School of Computer Science and Software Engineering, The
  University of Western Australia
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This thesis proposes spatio-spectral techniques for hyperspectral image analysis. Adaptive spatio-spectral support and variable exposure hyperspectral imaging is demonstrated to improve spectral reflectance recovery from hyperspectral images. Novel spectral dimensionality reduction techniques have been proposed from the perspective of spectral only and spatio-spectral information preservation. It was found that the joint sparse and joint group sparse hyperspectral image models achieve lower reconstruction error and higher recognition accuracy using only a small subset of bands. Hyperspectral image databases have been developed and made publicly available for further research in compressed hyperspectral imaging, forensic document analysis and spectral reflectance recovery.



