# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-07-20
### Object Proposal Generation using Two-Stage Cascade SVMs
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.5242v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.5242v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-20 03:53:21+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-20 03:53:21+00:00
- **Authors**: Ziming Zhang, Philip H. S. Torr
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Object proposal algorithms have shown great promise as a first step for object recognition and detection. Good object proposal generation algorithms require high object recall rate as well as low computational cost, because generating object proposals is usually utilized as a preprocessing step. The problem of how to accelerate the object proposal generation and evaluation process without decreasing recall is thus of great interest. In this paper, we propose a new object proposal generation method using two-stage cascade SVMs, where in the first stage linear filters are learned for predefined quantized scales/aspect-ratios independently, and in the second stage a global linear classifier is learned across all the quantized scales/aspect-ratios for calibration, so that all the proposals can be compared properly. The proposals with highest scores are our final output. Specifically, we explain our scale/aspect-ratio quantization scheme, and investigate the effects of combinations of $\ell_1$ and $\ell_2$ regularizers in cascade SVMs with/without ranking constraints in learning. Comprehensive experiments on VOC2007 dataset are conducted, and our results achieve the state-of-the-art performance with high object recall rate and high computational efficiency. Besides, our method has been demonstrated to be suitable for not only class-specific but also generic object proposal generation.



### Feature and Region Selection for Visual Learning
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.5245v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2016.2514503
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.5245v2)
- **Published**: 2014-07-20 04:42:50+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-01-19 03:27:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Ji Zhao, Liantao Wang, Ricardo Cabral, Fernando De la Torre
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Image Processing, 2016, vol. 25, pp.
  1084-1094
- **Summary**: Visual learning problems such as object classification and action recognition are typically approached using extensions of the popular bag-of-words (BoW) model. Despite its great success, it is unclear what visual features the BoW model is learning: Which regions in the image or video are used to discriminate among classes? Which are the most discriminative visual words? Answering these questions is fundamental for understanding existing BoW models and inspiring better models for visual recognition.   To answer these questions, this paper presents a method for feature selection and region selection in the visual BoW model. This allows for an intermediate visualization of the features and regions that are important for visual learning. The main idea is to assign latent weights to the features or regions, and jointly optimize these latent variables with the parameters of a classifier (e.g., support vector machine). There are four main benefits of our approach: (1) Our approach accommodates non-linear additive kernels such as the popular $\chi^2$ and intersection kernel; (2) our approach is able to handle both regions in images and spatio-temporal regions in videos in a unified way; (3) the feature selection problem is convex, and both problems can be solved using a scalable reduced gradient method; (4) we point out strong connections with multiple kernel learning and multiple instance learning approaches. Experimental results in the PASCAL VOC 2007, MSR Action Dataset II and YouTube illustrate the benefits of our approach.



### Optimized Method for Iranian Road Signs Detection and recognition system
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.5324v1
- **DOI**: 10.7815/ijorcs.41.2014.077
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.5324v1)
- **Published**: 2014-07-20 18:53:20+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-20 18:53:20+00:00
- **Authors**: Reza Azad, Babak Azad, Iman Tavakoli Kazerooni
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: International Journal of Research in Computer Science, 4 (1): pp.
  19-26, January 2014
- **Summary**: Road sign recognition is one of the core technologies in Intelligent Transport Systems. In the current study, a robust and real-time method is presented to identify and detect the roads speed signs in road image in different situations. In our proposed method, first, the connected components are created in the main image using the edge detection and mathematical morphology and the location of the road signs extracted by the geometric and color data; then the letters are segmented and recognized by Multiclass Support Vector Machine (SVMs) classifiers. Regarding that the geometric and color features ate properly used in detection the location of the road signs, so it is not sensitive to the distance and noise and has higher speed and efficiency. In the result part, the proposed approach is applied on Iranian road speed sign database and the detection and recognition accuracy rate achieved 98.66% and 100% respectively.



