# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-06-10
### Exact Reconstruction of the Rank Order Coding using Frames Theory
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.1975v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.NE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.1975v2)
- **Published**: 2011-06-10 08:26:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-01 14:18:34+00:00
- **Authors**: Khaled Masmoudi, Marc Antonini, Pierre Kornprobst
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Our goal is to revisit rank order coding by proposing an original exact decoding procedure for it. Rank order coding was proposed by Simon Thorpe et al. who stated that the retina represents the visual stimulus by the order in which its cells are activated. A classical rank order coder/decoder was then designed on this basis [1]. Though, it appeared that the decoding procedure employed yields reconstruction errors that limit the model Rate/Quality performances when used as an image codec. The attempts made in the literature to overcome this issue are time consuming and alter the coding procedure, or are lacking mathematical support and feasibility for standard size images. Here we solve this problem in an original fashion by using the frames theory, where a frame of a vector space designates an extension for the notion of basis. First, we prove that the analyzing filter bank considered is a frame, and then we define the corresponding dual frame that is necessary for the exact image reconstruction. Second, to deal with the problem of memory overhead, we design a recursive out-of-core blockwise algorithm for the computation of this dual frame. Our work provides a mathematical formalism for the retinal model under study and defines a simple and exact reverse transform for it with up to 270 dB of PSNR gain compared to [1]. Furthermore, the framework presented here can be extended to several models of the visual cortical areas using redundant representations.



### Omni-tomography/Multi-tomography -- Integrating Multiple Modalities for Simultaneous Imaging
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.2124v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **physics.med-ph**, cs.CV, math.NA, stat.AP
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.2124v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-10 17:19:15+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-10 17:19:15+00:00
- **Authors**: Ge Wang, Jie Zhang, Hao Gao, Victor Weir, Hengyong Yu, Wenxiang Cong, Xiaochen Xu, Haiou Shen, James Bennett, Yue Wang, Michael Vannier
- **Comment**: 43 pages, 15 figures, 99 references, provisional patent applications
  filed by Virginia Tech
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Current tomographic imaging systems need major improvements, especially when multi-dimensional, multi-scale, multi-temporal and multi-parametric phenomena are under investigation. Both preclinical and clinical imaging now depend on in vivo tomography, often requiring separate evaluations by different imaging modalities to define morphologic details, delineate interval changes due to disease or interventions, and study physiological functions that have interconnected aspects. Over the past decade, fusion of multimodality images has emerged with two different approaches: post-hoc image registration and combined acquisition on PET-CT, PET-MRI and other hybrid scanners. There are intrinsic limitations for both the post-hoc image analysis and dual/triple modality approaches defined by registration errors and physical constraints in the acquisition chain. We envision that tomography will evolve beyond current modality fusion and towards grand fusion, a large scale fusion of all or many imaging modalities, which may be referred to as omni-tomography or multi-tomography. Unlike modality fusion, grand fusion is here proposed for truly simultaneous but often localized reconstruction in terms of all or many relevant imaging mechanisms such as CT, MRI, PET, SPECT, US, optical, and possibly more. In this paper, the technical basis for omni-tomography is introduced and illustrated with a top-level design of a next generation scanner, interior tomographic reconstructions of representative modalities, and anticipated applications of omni-tomography.



