# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-06-02
### Learning Hierarchical Sparse Representations using Iterative Dictionary Learning and Dimension Reduction
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.0357v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.AI, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.0357v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-02 02:31:04+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-02 02:31:04+00:00
- **Authors**: Mohamad Tarifi, Meera Sitharam, Jeffery Ho
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper introduces an elemental building block which combines Dictionary Learning and Dimension Reduction (DRDL). We show how this foundational element can be used to iteratively construct a Hierarchical Sparse Representation (HSR) of a sensory stream. We compare our approach to existing models showing the generality of our simple prescription. We then perform preliminary experiments using this framework, illustrating with the example of an object recognition task using standard datasets. This work introduces the very first steps towards an integrated framework for designing and analyzing various computational tasks from learning to attention to action. The ultimate goal is building a mathematically rigorous, integrated theory of intelligence.



### A Novel Image Segmentation Enhancement Technique based on Active Contour and Topological Alignments
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.0371v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/acij.2011.2301
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.0371v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-02 06:31:13+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-02 06:31:13+00:00
- **Authors**: Ashraf A. Aly, Safaai Bin Deris, Nazar Zaki
- **Comment**: 7 pages
- **Journal**: Advanced Computing: An International Journal ( ACIJ ), Vol.2,
  No.3, May 2011
- **Summary**: Topological alignments and snakes are used in image processing, particularly in locating object boundaries. Both of them have their own advantages and limitations. To improve the overall image boundary detection system, we focused on developing a novel algorithm for image processing. The algorithm we propose to develop will based on the active contour method in conjunction with topological alignments method to enhance the image detection approach. The algorithm presents novel technique to incorporate the advantages of both Topological Alignments and snakes. Where the initial segmentation by Topological Alignments is firstly transformed into the input of the snake model and begins its evolvement to the interested object boundary. The results show that the algorithm can deal with low contrast images and shape cells, demonstrate the segmentation accuracy under weak image boundaries, which responsible for lacking accuracy in image detecting techniques. We have achieved better segmentation and boundary detecting for the image, also the ability of the system to improve the low contrast and deal with over and under segmentation.



