# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-06-29
### Active Classification: Theory and Application to Underwater Inspection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.5829v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.RO**, cs.AI, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.5829v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-29 01:39:29+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-29 01:39:29+00:00
- **Authors**: Geoffrey A. Hollinger, Urbashi Mitra, Gaurav S. Sukhatme
- **Comment**: 16 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We discuss the problem in which an autonomous vehicle must classify an object based on multiple views. We focus on the active classification setting, where the vehicle controls which views to select to best perform the classification. The problem is formulated as an extension to Bayesian active learning, and we show connections to recent theoretical guarantees in this area. We formally analyze the benefit of acting adaptively as new information becomes available. The analysis leads to a probabilistic algorithm for determining the best views to observe based on information theoretic costs. We validate our approach in two ways, both related to underwater inspection: 3D polyhedra recognition in synthetic depth maps and ship hull inspection with imaging sonar. These tasks encompass both the planning and recognition aspects of the active classification problem. The results demonstrate that actively planning for informative views can reduce the number of necessary views by up to 80% when compared to passive methods.



### Image denoising assessment using anisotropic stack filtering
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.5928v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.5928v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-29 13:12:56+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-29 13:12:56+00:00
- **Authors**: Salvador Gabarda, Gabriel Cristobal
- **Comment**: 13 pages, 8 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper we propose a measure of anisotropy as a quality parameter to estimate the amount of noise in noisy images. The anisotropy of an image can be determined through a directional measure, using an appropriate statistical distribution of the information contained in the image. This new measure is achieved through a stack filtering paradigm. First, we define a local directional entropy, based on the distribution of 0's and 1's in the neigborhood of every pixel location of each stack level. Then the entropy variation of this directional entropy is used to define an anisotropic measure. The empirical results have shown that this measure can be regarded as an excellent image noise indicator, which is particularly relevant for quality assessment of denoising algorithms. The method has been evaluated with artificial and real-world degraded images.



