# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-06-06
### An efficient circle detection scheme in digital images using ant system algorithm
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.0962v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.0962v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-06 05:52:09+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-06 05:52:09+00:00
- **Authors**: K. Chattopadhyay, J. Basu, A. Konar
- **Comment**: 4 pages, 3 figures, Published in Proceedings of the IEEE Sponsored
  Conference on Computational Intelligence, Control And Computer Vision In
  Robotics & Automation, 2008
- **Journal**: Proceedings of the 2008 IEEE Sponsored Conference on Computational
  Intelligence, Control And Computer Vision In Robotics & Automation, Rourkela,
  India, 2008, pages 145-148
- **Summary**: Detection of geometric features in digital images is an important exercise in image analysis and computer vision. The Hough Transform techniques for detection of circles require a huge memory space for data processing hence requiring a lot of time in computing the locations of the data space, writing to and searching through the memory space. In this paper we propose a novel and efficient scheme for detecting circles in edge-detected grayscale digital images. We use Ant-system algorithm for this purpose which has not yet found much application in this field. The main feature of this scheme is that it can detect both intersecting as well as non-intersecting circles with a time efficiency that makes it useful in real time applications. We build up an ant system of new type which finds out closed loops in the image and then tests them for circles.



### Nearest Prime Simplicial Complex for Object Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.0987v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.AI, cs.CG, cs.CV, 22A05, 22A30, 57M50, 57N65, 57R19, I.4.8; I.5; I.5.1
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.0987v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-06 08:32:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-06 08:32:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Junping Zhang, Ziyu Xie, Stan Z. Li
- **Comment**: 16pages, 6 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The structure representation of data distribution plays an important role in understanding the underlying mechanism of generating data. In this paper, we propose nearest prime simplicial complex approaches (NSC) by utilizing persistent homology to capture such structures. Assuming that each class is represented with a prime simplicial complex, we classify unlabeled samples based on the nearest projection distances from the samples to the simplicial complexes. We also extend the extrapolation ability of these complexes with a projection constraint term. Experiments in simulated and practical datasets indicate that compared with several published algorithms, the proposed NSC approaches achieve promising performance without losing the structure representation.



