# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-06-28
### Augmented Reality Implementation Methods in Mainstream Applications
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.5569v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, H.5.1
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.5569v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-28 05:57:37+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-28 05:57:37+00:00
- **Authors**: David Prochazka, Tomas Koubek
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Acta Universitatis agriculturae et silviculturae Mendelianae
  Brunensis, Vol. LIX, No. 4, 2011
- **Summary**: Augmented reality has became an useful tool in many areas from space exploration to military applications. Although used theoretical principles are well known for almost a decade, the augmented reality is almost exclusively used in high budget solutions with a special hardware. However, in last few years we could see rising popularity of many projects focused on deployment of the augmented reality on different mobile devices. Our article is aimed on developers who consider development of an augmented reality application for the mainstream market. Such developers will be forced to keep the application price, therefore also the development price, at reasonable level. Usage of existing image processing software library could bring a significant cut-down of the development costs. In the theoretical part of the article is presented an overview of the augmented reality application structure. Further, an approach for selection appropriate library as well as the review of the existing software libraries focused in this area is described. The last part of the article outlines our implementation of key parts of the augmented reality application using the OpenCV library.



### Mobile Augmented Reality Applications
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.5571v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, H.5.1
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.5571v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-28 06:08:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-28 06:08:38+00:00
- **Authors**: David Prochazka, Michael Stencl, Ondrej Popelka, Jiri Stastny
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Proceedings of Mendel 2011: 17th International Conference on Soft
  Computing, pp. 469-476, ISBN 978-80-214-4302-0
- **Summary**: Augmented reality have undergone considerable improvement in past years. Many special techniques and hardware devices were developed, but the crucial breakthrough came with the spread of intelligent mobile phones. This enabled mass spread of augmented reality applications. However mobile devices have limited hardware capabilities, which narrows down the methods usable for scene analysis. In this article we propose an augmented reality application which is using cloud computing to enable using of more complex computational methods such as neural networks. Our goal is to create an affordable augmented reality application suitable which will help car designers in by 'virtualizing' car modifications.



### A Replica Inference Approach to Unsupervised Multi-Scale Image Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.5793v1
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevE.85.016101
- **Categories**: **cond-mat.stat-mech**, cs.CV, physics.soc-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.5793v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-28 20:01:40+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-28 20:01:40+00:00
- **Authors**: Dandan Hu, Peter Ronhovde, Zohar Nussinov
- **Comment**: 26 pages, 22 figures
- **Journal**: Phys. Rev. E 85, 016101 (2012)
- **Summary**: We apply a replica inference based Potts model method to unsupervised image segmentation on multiple scales. This approach was inspired by the statistical mechanics problem of "community detection" and its phase diagram. Specifically, the problem is cast as identifying tightly bound clusters ("communities" or "solutes") against a background or "solvent". Within our multiresolution approach, we compute information theory based correlations among multiple solutions ("replicas") of the same graph over a range of resolutions. Significant multiresolution structures are identified by replica correlations as manifest in information theory overlaps. With the aid of these correlations as well as thermodynamic measures, the phase diagram of the corresponding Potts model is analyzed both at zero and finite temperatures. Optimal parameters corresponding to a sensible unsupervised segmentation correspond to the "easy phase" of the Potts model. Our algorithm is fast and shown to be at least as accurate as the best algorithms to date and to be especially suited to the detection of camouflaged images.



