# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-06-18
### Exploratory simulation of an Intelligent Iris Verifier Distributed System
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.3684v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/SACI.2011.5873010
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.ET, cs.LO, 68T10, I.5
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.3684v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-18 20:16:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-18 20:16:10+00:00
- **Authors**: Nicolaie Popescu-Bodorin, Valentina E. Balas
- **Comment**: 4 pages, 2 figures, latest version: http://fmi.spiruharet.ro/bodorin/
- **Journal**: Proc. 6th IEEE International Symposium on Applied Computational
  Intelligence and Informatics, pp. 259 - 262, IEEE Press, June 2011
- **Summary**: This paper discusses some topics related to the latest trends in the field of evolutionary approaches to iris recognition. It presents the results of an exploratory experimental simulation whose goal was to analyze the possibility of establishing an Interchange Protocol for Digital Identities evolved in different geographic locations interconnected through and into an Intelligent Iris Verifier Distributed System (IIVDS) based on multi-enrollment. Finding a logically consistent model for the Interchange Protocol is the key factor in designing the future large-scale iris biometric networks. Therefore, the logical model of such a protocol is also investigated here. All tests are made on Bath Iris Database and prove that outstanding power of discrimination between the intra- and the inter-class comparisons can be achieved by an IIVDS, even when practicing 52.759.182 inter-class and 10.991.943 intra-class comparisons. Still, the test results confirm that inconsistent enrollment can change the logic of recognition from a fuzzified 2-valent consistent logic of biometric certitudes to a fuzzified 3-valent inconsistent possibilistic logic of biometric beliefs justified through experimentally determined probabilities, or to a fuzzified 8-valent logic which is almost consistent as a biometric theory - this quality being counterbalanced by an absolutely reasonable loss in the user comfort level.



