# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-06-30
### Visual Secret Sharing Scheme using Grayscale Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.6242v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CR**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.6242v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-30 14:25:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-30 14:25:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Sandeep Katta
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 2 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Pixel expansion and the quality of the reconstructed secret image has been a major issue of visual secret sharing (VSS) schemes. A number of probabilistic VSS schemes with minimum pixel expansion have been proposed for black and white (binary) secret images. This paper presents a probabilistic (2, 3)-VSS scheme for gray scale images. Its pixel expansion is larger in size but the quality of the image is perfect when it's reconstructed. The construction of the shadow images (transparent shares) is based on the binary OR operation.



### Vision-Based Navigation III: Pose and Motion from Omnidirectional Optical Flow and a Digital Terrain Map
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.6341v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/IROS.2006.282569
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI, 68T45, E.5; E.4; E.2; H.1.1; F.1.1; F.1.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.6341v2)
- **Published**: 2011-06-30 18:59:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-08-16 09:22:33+00:00
- **Authors**: Ronen Lerner, Oleg Kupervasser, Ehud Rivlin
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 9 figures
- **Journal**: Proceedings of the 2006 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on
  Intelligent Robots and Systems October 9 - 15, 2006, Beijing, China
- **Summary**: An algorithm for pose and motion estimation using corresponding features in omnidirectional images and a digital terrain map is proposed. In previous paper, such algorithm for regular camera was considered. Using a Digital Terrain (or Digital Elevation) Map (DTM/DEM) as a global reference enables recovering the absolute position and orientation of the camera. In order to do this, the DTM is used to formulate a constraint between corresponding features in two consecutive frames. In this paper, these constraints are extended to handle non-central projection, as is the case with many omnidirectional systems. The utilization of omnidirectional data is shown to improve the robustness and accuracy of the navigation algorithm. The feasibility of this algorithm is established through lab experimentation with two kinds of omnidirectional acquisition systems. The first one is polydioptric cameras while the second is catadioptric camera.



