# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-06-23
### Inferring 3D Articulated Models for Box Packaging Robot
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.4632v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.RO**, cs.AI, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.4632v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-23 05:32:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-23 05:32:39+00:00
- **Authors**: Heran Yang, Tiffany Low, Matthew Cong, Ashutosh Saxena
- **Comment**: For: RSS 2011 Workshop on Mobile Manipulation: Learning to Manipulate
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Given a point cloud, we consider inferring kinematic models of 3D articulated objects such as boxes for the purpose of manipulating them. While previous work has shown how to extract a planar kinematic model (often represented as a linear chain), such planar models do not apply to 3D objects that are composed of segments often linked to the other segments in cyclic configurations. We present an approach for building a model that captures the relation between the input point cloud features and the object segment as well as the relation between the neighboring object segments. We use a conditional random field that allows us to model the dependencies between different segments of the object. We test our approach on inferring the kinematic structure from partial and noisy point cloud data for a wide variety of boxes including cake boxes, pizza boxes, and cardboard cartons of several sizes. The inferred structure enables our robot to successfully close these boxes by manipulating the flaps.



### Fingerprint: DWT, SVD Based Enhancement and Significant Contrast for Ridges and Valleys Using Fuzzy Measures
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1106.5737v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1106.5737v1)
- **Published**: 2011-06-23 16:25:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-06-23 16:25:22+00:00
- **Authors**: D. Bennet, Dr. S. Arumuga Perumal
- **Comment**: Submitted to Journal of Computer Science and Engineering, see
  http://sites.google.com/site/jcseuk/volume-6-issue-1-march
- **Journal**: Journal of Computer Science and Engineering, Volume 6, Issue 1,
  p28-32, March 2011
- **Summary**: The performance of the Fingerprint recognition system will be more accurate with respect of enhancement for the fingerprint images. In this paper we develop a novel method for Fingerprint image contrast enhancement technique based on the discrete wavelet transform (DWT) and singular value decomposition (SVD) has been proposed. This technique is compared with conventional image equalization techniques such as standard general histogram equalization and local histogram equalization. An automatic histogram threshold approach based on a fuzziness measure is presented. Then, using an index of fuzziness, a similarity process is started to find the threshold point. A significant contrast between ridges and valleys of the best, medium and poor finger image features to extract from finger images and get maximum recognition rate using fuzzy measures. The experimental results show the recognition of superiority of the proposed method to get maximum performance up gradation to the implementation of this approach.



