# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-04-12
### Feature Level Fusion of Face and Palmprint Biometrics by Isomorphic Graph-based Improved K-Medoids Partitioning
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.1886v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, D.2.2; I.2.10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1004.1886v1)
- **Published**: 2010-04-12 07:34:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-04-12 07:34:39+00:00
- **Authors**: Dakshina Ranjan Kisku, Phalguni Gupta, Jamuna Kanta Sing
- **Comment**: 13 pages, 4 figures
- **Journal**: ISA 2010
- **Summary**: This paper presents a feature level fusion approach which uses the improved K-medoids clustering algorithm and isomorphic graph for face and palmprint biometrics. Partitioning around medoids (PAM) algorithm is used to partition the set of n invariant feature points of the face and palmprint images into k clusters. By partitioning the face and palmprint images with scale invariant features SIFT points, a number of clusters is formed on both the images. Then on each cluster, an isomorphic graph is drawn. In the next step, the most probable pair of graphs is searched using iterative relaxation algorithm from all possible isomorphic graphs for a pair of corresponding face and palmprint images. Finally, graphs are fused by pairing the isomorphic graphs into augmented groups in terms of addition of invariant SIFT points and in terms of combining pair of keypoint descriptors by concatenation rule. Experimental results obtained from the extensive evaluation show that the proposed feature level fusion with the improved K-medoids partitioning algorithm increases the performance of the system with utmost level of accuracy.



### Maximized Posteriori Attributes Selection from Facial Salient Landmarks for Face Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.1887v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/978-3-642-13365-7_1
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, D.2.2; I.2.10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1004.1887v1)
- **Published**: 2010-04-12 07:42:09+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-04-12 07:42:09+00:00
- **Authors**: Phalguni Gupta, Dakshina Ranjan Kisku, Jamuna Kanta Sing, Massimo Tistarelli
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 2 figures
- **Journal**: ISA 2010
- **Summary**: This paper presents a robust and dynamic face recognition technique based on the extraction and matching of devised probabilistic graphs drawn on SIFT features related to independent face areas. The face matching strategy is based on matching individual salient facial graph characterized by SIFT features as connected to facial landmarks such as the eyes and the mouth. In order to reduce the face matching errors, the Dempster-Shafer decision theory is applied to fuse the individual matching scores obtained from each pair of salient facial features. The proposed algorithm is evaluated with the ORL and the IITK face databases. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and potential of the proposed face recognition technique also in case of partially occluded faces.



