# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-04-26
### Deblured Gaussian Blurred Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.4448v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1004.4448v1)
- **Published**: 2010-04-26 09:32:28+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-04-26 09:32:28+00:00
- **Authors**: Salem Saleh Al-amri, N. V. Kalyankar, Khamitkar S. D
- **Comment**: Journal of Computing online at
  https://sites.google.com/site/journalofcomputing/
- **Journal**: Journal of Computing, Volume 2, Issue 4, April 2010
- **Summary**: This paper attempts to undertake the study of Restored Gaussian Blurred Images. by using four types of techniques of deblurring image as Wiener filter, Regularized filter, Lucy Richardson deconvlutin algorithm and Blind deconvlution algorithm with an information of the Point Spread Function (PSF) corrupted blurred image with Different values of Size and Alfa and then corrupted by Gaussian noise. The same is applied to the remote sensing image and they are compared with one another, So as to choose the base technique for restored or deblurring image.This paper also attempts to undertake the study of restored Gaussian blurred image with no any information about the Point Spread Function (PSF) by using same four techniques after execute the guess of the PSF, the number of iterations and the weight threshold of it. To choose the base guesses for restored or deblurring image of this techniques.



### An Efficient Watermarking Algorithm to Improve Payload and Robustness without Affecting Image Perceptual Quality
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.4467v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1004.4467v1)
- **Published**: 2010-04-26 10:17:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-04-26 10:17:53+00:00
- **Authors**: Er. Deepak Aggarwal, Er. Sandeep Kaur, Er. Anantdeep
- **Comment**: https://sites.google.com/site/journalofcomputing/
- **Journal**: Journal of Computing, Volume 2, Issue 4, April 2010, 105-109
- **Summary**: Capacity, Robustness, & Perceptual quality of watermark data are very important issues to be considered. A lot of research is going on to increase these parameters for watermarking of the digital images, as there is always a tradeoff among them. . In this paper an efficient watermarking algorithm to improve payload and robustness without affecting perceptual quality of image data based on DWT is discussed. The aim of the paper is to employ the nested watermarks in wavelet domain which increases the capacity and ultimately the robustness against attacks and selection of different scaling factor values for LL & HH bands and during embedding not to create the visible artifacts in the original image and therefore the original and watermarked image is similar.



