# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-04-21
### Simultaneous Bayesian inference of motion velocity fields and probabilistic models in successive video-frames described by spatio-temporal MRFs
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.3629v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1004.3629v1)
- **Published**: 2010-04-21 06:27:47+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-04-21 06:27:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Yuya Inagaki, Jun-ichi Inoue
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 21 figures, using IEEEtran.cls
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We numerically investigate a mean-field Bayesian approach with the assistance of the Markov chain Monte Carlo method to estimate motion velocity fields and probabilistic models simultaneously in consecutive digital images described by spatio-temporal Markov random fields. Preliminary to construction of our procedure, we find that mean-field variables in the iteration diverge due to improper normalization factor of regularization terms appearing in the posterior. To avoid this difficulty, we rescale the regularization term by introducing a scaling factor and optimizing it by means of minimization of the mean-square error. We confirm that the optimal scaling factor stabilizes the mean-field iterative process of the motion velocity estimation. We next attempt to estimate the optimal values of hyper-parameters including the regularization term, which define our probabilistic model macroscopically, by using the Boltzmann-machine type learning algorithm based on gradient descent of marginal likelihood (type-II likelihood) with respect to the hyper-parameters. In our framework, one can estimate both the probabilistic model (hyper-parameters) and motion velocity fields simultaneously. We find that our motion estimation is much better than the result obtained by Zhang and Hanouer (1995) in which the hyper-parameters are set to some ad-hoc values without any theoretical justification.



### Parcellation of fMRI Datasets with ICA and PLS-A Data Driven Approach
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.3708v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI, cs.NE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1004.3708v1)
- **Published**: 2010-04-21 13:50:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-04-21 13:50:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Yongnan Ji, Pierre-Yves Herve, Uwe Aickelin, Alain Pitiot
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 5 figures, P12th International Conference of Medical Image
  Computing and Computer-Assisted Intervention (MICCAI 2009)
- **Journal**: Proceedings of the 12th International Conference of Medical Image
  Computing and Computer-Assisted Intervention (MICCAI 2009), Part I, Lecture
  Notes in Computer Science 5761, London, UK, 2009
- **Summary**: Inter-subject parcellation of functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) data based on a standard General Linear Model (GLM)and spectral clustering was recently proposed as a means to alleviate the issues associated with spatial normalization in fMRI. However, for all its appeal, a GLM-based parcellation approach introduces its own biases, in the form of a priori knowledge about the shape of Hemodynamic Response Function (HRF) and task-related signal changes, or about the subject behaviour during the task. In this paper, we introduce a data-driven version of the spectral clustering parcellation, based on Independent Component Analysis (ICA) and Partial Least Squares (PLS) instead of the GLM. First, a number of independent components are automatically selected. Seed voxels are then obtained from the associated ICA maps and we compute the PLS latent variables between the fMRI signal of the seed voxels (which covers regional variations of the HRF) and the principal components of the signal across all voxels. Finally, we parcellate all subjects data with a spectral clustering of the PLS latent variables. We present results of the application of the proposed method on both single-subject and multi-subject fMRI datasets. Preliminary experimental results, evaluated with intra-parcel variance of GLM t-values and PLS derived t-values, indicate that this data-driven approach offers improvement in terms of parcellation accuracy over GLM based techniques.



