# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-04-30
### Graphic Symbol Recognition using Graph Based Signature and Bayesian Network Classifier
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.5424v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICDAR.2009.92
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.GR, I.4.0; I.5.0
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1004.5424v1)
- **Published**: 2010-04-30 00:04:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-04-30 00:04:39+00:00
- **Authors**: Muhammad Muzzamil Luqman, Thierry Brouard, Jean-Yves Ramel
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 8 figures, Tenth International Conference on Document
  Analysis and Recognition (ICDAR), IEEE Computer Society, 2009, volume 10,
  1325-1329
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present a new approach for recognition of complex graphic symbols in technical documents. Graphic symbol recognition is a well known challenge in the field of document image analysis and is at heart of most graphic recognition systems. Our method uses structural approach for symbol representation and statistical classifier for symbol recognition. In our system we represent symbols by their graph based signatures: a graphic symbol is vectorized and is converted to an attributed relational graph, which is used for computing a feature vector for the symbol. This signature corresponds to geometry and topology of the symbol. We learn a Bayesian network to encode joint probability distribution of symbol signatures and use it in a supervised learning scenario for graphic symbol recognition. We have evaluated our method on synthetically deformed and degraded images of pre-segmented 2D architectural and electronic symbols from GREC databases and have obtained encouraging recognition rates.



### Employing fuzzy intervals and loop-based methodology for designing structural signature: an application to symbol recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.5427v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.GR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1004.5427v1)
- **Published**: 2010-04-30 00:16:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-04-30 00:16:22+00:00
- **Authors**: Muhammad Muzzamil Luqman, Mathieu Delalandre, Thierry Brouard, Jean-Yves Ramel, Josep Lladós
- **Comment**: 10 pages, Eighth IAPR International Workshop on Graphics RECognition
  (GREC), 2009, volume 8, 22-31
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Motivation of our work is to present a new methodology for symbol recognition. We support structural methods for representing visual associations in graphic documents. The proposed method employs a structural approach for symbol representation and a statistical classifier for recognition. We vectorize a graphic symbol, encode its topological and geometrical information by an ARG and compute a signature from this structural graph. To address the sensitivity of structural representations to deformations and degradations, we use data adapted fuzzy intervals while computing structural signature. The joint probability distribution of signatures is encoded by a Bayesian network. This network in fact serves as a mechanism for pruning irrelevant features and choosing a subset of interesting features from structural signatures, for underlying symbol set. Finally we deploy the Bayesian network in supervised learning scenario for recognizing query symbols. We have evaluated the robustness of our method against noise, on synthetically deformed and degraded images of pre-segmented 2D architectural and electronic symbols from GREC databases and have obtained encouraging recognition rates. A second set of experimentation was carried out for evaluating the performance of our method against context noise i.e. symbols cropped from complete documents. The results support the use of our signature by a symbol spotting system.



### Bayesian estimation of regularization and PSF parameters for Wiener-Hunt deconvolution
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.5538v1
- **DOI**: 10.1364/JOSAA.27.001593
- **Categories**: **stat.CO**, cs.CV, physics.data-an, stat.ME
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1004.5538v1)
- **Published**: 2010-04-30 14:23:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-04-30 14:23:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Francois Orieux, Jean-Francois Giovannelli, Thomas Rodet
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper tackles the problem of image deconvolution with joint estimation of PSF parameters and hyperparameters. Within a Bayesian framework, the solution is inferred via a global a posteriori law for unknown parameters and object. The estimate is chosen as the posterior mean, numerically calculated by means of a Monte-Carlo Markov chain algorithm. The estimates are efficiently computed in the Fourier domain and the effectiveness of the method is shown on simulated examples. Results show precise estimates for PSF parameters and hyperparameters as well as precise image estimates including restoration of high-frequencies and spatial details, within a global and coherent approach.



