# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-04-11
### A New Approach to Lung Image Segmentation using Fuzzy Possibilistic C-Means Algorithm
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.1768v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1004.1768v1)
- **Published**: 2010-04-11 08:01:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-04-11 08:01:08+00:00
- **Authors**: M. Gomathi, P. Thangaraj
- **Comment**: IEEE Publication format, ISSN 1947 5500,
  http://sites.google.com/site/ijcsis/
- **Journal**: IJCSIS, Vol. 7 No. 3, March 2010, 222-228
- **Summary**: Image segmentation is a vital part of image processing. Segmentation has its application widespread in the field of medical images in order to diagnose curious diseases. The same medical images can be segmented manually. But the accuracy of image segmentation using the segmentation algorithms is more when compared with the manual segmentation. In the field of medical diagnosis an extensive diversity of imaging techniques is presently available, such as radiography, computed tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Medical image segmentation is an essential step for most consequent image analysis tasks. Although the original FCM algorithm yields good results for segmenting noise free images, it fails to segment images corrupted by noise, outliers and other imaging artifact. This paper presents an image segmentation approach using Modified Fuzzy C-Means (FCM) algorithm and Fuzzy Possibilistic c-means algorithm (FPCM). This approach is a generalized version of standard Fuzzy CMeans Clustering (FCM) algorithm. The limitation of the conventional FCM technique is eliminated in modifying the standard technique. The Modified FCM algorithm is formulated by modifying the distance measurement of the standard FCM algorithm to permit the labeling of a pixel to be influenced by other pixels and to restrain the noise effect during segmentation. Instead of having one term in the objective function, a second term is included, forcing the membership to be as high as possible without a maximum limit constraint of one. Experiments are conducted on real images to investigate the performance of the proposed modified FCM technique in segmenting the medical images. Standard FCM, Modified FCM, Fuzzy Possibilistic CMeans algorithm (FPCM) are compared to explore the accuracy of our proposed approach.



### SAR Image Segmentation using Vector Quantization Technique on Entropy Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.1789v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.MM**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1004.1789v1)
- **Published**: 2010-04-11 11:05:33+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-04-11 11:05:33+00:00
- **Authors**: H. B. Kekre, Saylee Gharge, Tanuja K. Sarode
- **Comment**: IEEE Publication format, International Journal of Computer Science
  and Information Security, IJCSIS, Vol. 7 No. 3, March 2010, USA. ISSN 1947
  5500, http://sites.google.com/site/ijcsis/
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The development and application of various remote sensing platforms result in the production of huge amounts of satellite image data. Therefore, there is an increasing need for effective querying and browsing in these image databases. In order to take advantage and make good use of satellite images data, we must be able to extract meaningful information from the imagery. Hence we proposed a new algorithm for SAR image segmentation. In this paper we propose segmentation using vector quantization technique on entropy image. Initially, we obtain entropy image and in second step we use Kekre's Fast Codebook Generation (KFCG) algorithm for segmentation of the entropy image. Thereafter, a codebook of size 128 was generated for the Entropy image. These code vectors were further clustered in 8 clusters using same KFCG algorithm and converted into 8 images. These 8 images were displayed as a result. This approach does not lead to over segmentation or under segmentation. We compared these results with well known Gray Level Co-occurrence Matrix. The proposed algorithm gives better segmentation with less complexity.



