# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-04-02
### Facial Expression Representation and Recognition Using 2DHLDA, Gabor Wavelets, and Ensemble Learning
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.0378v7
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, I.5
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1004.0378v7)
- **Published**: 2010-04-02 19:26:47+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-20 01:21:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Mahmoud Khademi, Mohammad H. Kiapour, Mehran Safayani, Mohammad T. Manzuri, M. Shojaei
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author due to an error in
  experimental results
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, a novel method for representation and recognition of the facial expressions in two-dimensional image sequences is presented. We apply a variation of two-dimensional heteroscedastic linear discriminant analysis (2DHLDA) algorithm, as an efficient dimensionality reduction technique, to Gabor representation of the input sequence. 2DHLDA is an extension of the two-dimensional linear discriminant analysis (2DLDA) approach and it removes the equal within-class covariance. By applying 2DHLDA in two directions, we eliminate the correlations between both image columns and image rows. Then, we perform a one-dimensional LDA on the new features. This combined method can alleviate the small sample size problem and instability encountered by HLDA. Also, employing both geometric and appearance features and using an ensemble learning scheme based on data fusion, we create a classifier which can efficiently classify the facial expressions. The proposed method is robust to illumination changes and it can properly represent temporal information as well as subtle changes in facial muscles. We provide experiments on Cohn-Kanade database that show the superiority of the proposed method. KEYWORDS: two-dimensional heteroscedastic linear discriminant analysis (2DHLDA), subspace learning, facial expression analysis, Gabor wavelets, ensemble learning.



### Object-image correspondence for curves under finite and affine cameras
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1004.0393v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.AG, 14H50, 14Q05, 68T45, I.4.8
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1004.0393v2)
- **Published**: 2010-04-02 21:52:07+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-02-28 20:02:42+00:00
- **Authors**: Joseph M. Burdis, Irina A. Kogan
- **Comment**: 19 pages, 2 figures. This version considers the case of rational
  algebraic curves
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We provide criteria for deciding whether a given planar curve is an image of a given spatial curve, obtained by a central or a parallel projection with unknown parameters. These criteria reduce the projection problem to a certain modification of the equivalence problem of planar curves under affine and projective transformations. The latter problem can be addressed using Cartan's moving frame method. This leads to a novel algorithmic solution of the projection problem for curves. The computational advantage of the algorithms presented here, in comparison to algorithms based on a straightforward solution, lies in a significant reduction of a number of real parameters that has to be eliminated in order to establish existence or non-existence of a projection that maps a given spatial curve to a given planar curve. The same approach can be used to decide whether a given finite set of ordered points on a plane is an image of a given finite set of ordered points in R^3. The motivation comes from the problem of establishing a correspondence between an object and an image, taken by a camera with unknown position and parameters.



