# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2008-05-13
### A New Algorithm for Interactive Structural Image Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0805.1854v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0805.1854v2)
- **Published**: 2008-05-13 13:39:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-05-16 13:45:56+00:00
- **Authors**: Alexandre Noma, Ana B. V. Graciano, Luis Augusto Consularo, Roberto M. Cesar-Jr, Isabelle Bloch
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper proposes a novel algorithm for the problem of structural image segmentation through an interactive model-based approach. Interaction is expressed in the model creation, which is done according to user traces drawn over a given input image. Both model and input are then represented by means of attributed relational graphs derived on the fly. Appearance features are taken into account as object attributes and structural properties are expressed as relational attributes. To cope with possible topological differences between both graphs, a new structure called the deformation graph is introduced. The segmentation process corresponds to finding a labelling of the input graph that minimizes the deformations introduced in the model when it is updated with input information. This approach has shown to be faster than other segmentation methods, with competitive output quality. Therefore, the method solves the problem of multiple label segmentation in an efficient way. Encouraging results on both natural and target-specific color images, as well as examples showing the reusability of the model, are presented and discussed.



