# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-09-19
### Hyperspectral and Multispectral Image Fusion based on a Sparse Representation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.5729v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TGRS.2014.2381272
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1409.5729v1)
- **Published**: 2014-09-19 17:07:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-09-19 17:07:53+00:00
- **Authors**: Qi Wei, José Bioucas-Dias, Nicolas Dobigeon, Jean-Yves Tourneret
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper presents a variational based approach to fusing hyperspectral and multispectral images. The fusion process is formulated as an inverse problem whose solution is the target image assumed to live in a much lower dimensional subspace. A sparse regularization term is carefully designed, relying on a decomposition of the scene on a set of dictionaries. The dictionary atoms and the corresponding supports of active coding coefficients are learned from the observed images. Then, conditionally on these dictionaries and supports, the fusion problem is solved via alternating optimization with respect to the target image (using the alternating direction method of multipliers) and the coding coefficients. Simulation results demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed algorithm when compared with the state-of-the-art fusion methods.



### Active Dictionary Learning in Sparse Representation Based Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.5763v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 68T05
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1409.5763v2)
- **Published**: 2014-09-19 19:03:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-09-27 00:24:11+00:00
- **Authors**: Jin Xu, Haibo He, Hong Man
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Sparse representation, which uses dictionary atoms to reconstruct input vectors, has been studied intensively in recent years. A proper dictionary is a key for the success of sparse representation. In this paper, an active dictionary learning (ADL) method is introduced, in which classification error and reconstruction error are considered as the active learning criteria in selection of the atoms for dictionary construction. The learned dictionaries are caculated in sparse representation based classification (SRC). The classification accuracy and reconstruction error are used to evaluate the proposed dictionary learning method. The performance of the proposed dictionary learning method is compared with other methods, including unsupervised dictionary learning and whole-training-data dictionary. The experimental results based on the UCI data sets and face data set demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed method.



