# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-09-07
### Multiscale statistical testing for connectome-wide association studies in fMRI
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.2080v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **q-bio.QM**, cs.CV, stat.AP
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1409.2080v2)
- **Published**: 2014-09-07 04:07:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-01-26 21:00:45+00:00
- **Authors**: P. Bellec, Y. Benhajali, F. Carbonell, C. Dansereau, G. Albouy, M. Pelland, C. Craddock, O. Collignon, J. Doyon, E. Stip, P. Orban
- **Comment**: 54 pages, 12 main figures, 1 main table, 10 supplementary figures, 1
  supplementary table
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Alterations in brain connectivity have been associated with a variety of clinical disorders using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI). We investigated empirically how the number of brain parcels (or scale) impacted the results of a mass univariate general linear model (GLM) on connectomes. The brain parcels used as nodes in the connectome analysis were functionnally defined by a group cluster analysis. We first validated that a classic Benjamini-Hochberg procedure with parametric GLM tests did control appropriately the false-discovery rate (FDR) at a given scale. We then observed on realistic simulations that there was no substantial inflation of the FDR across scales, as long as the FDR was controlled independently within each scale, and the presence of true associations could be established using an omnibus permutation test combining all scales. Second, we observed both on simulations and on three real resting-state fMRI datasets (schizophrenia, congenital blindness, motor practice) that the rate of discovery varied markedly as a function of scales, and was relatively higher for low scales, below 25. Despite the differences in discovery rate, the statistical maps derived at different scales were generally very consistent in the three real datasets. Some seeds still showed effects better observed around 50, illustrating the potential benefits of multiscale analysis. On real data, the statistical maps agreed well with the existing literature. Overall, our results support that the multiscale GLM connectome analysis with FDR is statistically valid and can capture biologically meaningful effects in a variety of experimental conditions.



### A Computational Model of the Short-Cut Rule for 2D Shape Decomposition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.2104v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2014.2376188
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1409.2104v1)
- **Published**: 2014-09-07 10:43:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-09-07 10:43:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Lei Luo, Chunhua Shen, Xinwang Liu, Chunyuan Zhang
- **Comment**: 11 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We propose a new 2D shape decomposition method based on the short-cut rule. The short-cut rule originates from cognition research, and states that the human visual system prefers to partition an object into parts using the shortest possible cuts. We propose and implement a computational model for the short-cut rule and apply it to the problem of shape decomposition. The model we proposed generates a set of cut hypotheses passing through the points on the silhouette which represent the negative minima of curvature. We then show that most part-cut hypotheses can be eliminated by analysis of local properties of each. Finally, the remaining hypotheses are evaluated in ascending length order, which guarantees that of any pair of conflicting cuts only the shortest will be accepted. We demonstrate that, compared with state-of-the-art shape decomposition methods, the proposed approach achieves decomposition results which better correspond to human intuition as revealed in psychological experiments.



