# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-09-30
### Computational Beauty: Aesthetic Judgment at the Intersection of Art and Science
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.2488v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.hist-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.2488v1)
- **Published**: 2014-09-30 01:31:58+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-09-30 01:31:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Emily L. Spratt, Ahmed Elgammal
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In part one of the Critique of Judgment, Immanuel Kant wrote that "the judgment of taste...is not a cognitive judgment, and so not logical, but is aesthetic."\cite{Kant} While the condition of aesthetic discernment has long been the subject of philosophical discourse, the role of the arbiters of that judgment has more often been assumed than questioned. The art historian, critic, connoisseur, and curator have long held the esteemed position of the aesthetic judge, their training, instinct, and eye part of the inimitable subjective processes that Kant described as occurring upon artistic evaluation. Although the concept of intangible knowledge in regard to aesthetic theory has been much explored, little discussion has arisen in response to the development of new types of artificial intelligence as a challenge to the seemingly ineffable abilities of the human observer. This paper examines the developments in the field of computer vision analysis of paintings from canonical movements with the history of Western art and the reaction of art historians to the application of this technology in the field. Through an investigation of the ethical consequences of this innovative technology, the unquestioned authority of the art expert is challenged and the subjective nature of aesthetic judgment is brought to philosophical scrutiny once again.



### Evaluation of Output Embeddings for Fine-Grained Image Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.8403v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/CVPR.2015.7298911
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1409.8403v2)
- **Published**: 2014-09-30 06:49:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-08-28 09:00:48+00:00
- **Authors**: Zeynep Akata, Scott Reed, Daniel Walter, Honglak Lee, Bernt Schiele
- **Comment**: @inproceedings {ARWLS15, title = {Evaluation of Output Embeddings for
  Fine-Grained Image Classification}, booktitle = {IEEE Computer Vision and
  Pattern Recognition}, year = {2015}, author = {Zeynep Akata and Scott Reed
  and Daniel Walter and Honglak Lee and Bernt Schiele} }
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Image classification has advanced significantly in recent years with the availability of large-scale image sets. However, fine-grained classification remains a major challenge due to the annotation cost of large numbers of fine-grained categories. This project shows that compelling classification performance can be achieved on such categories even without labeled training data. Given image and class embeddings, we learn a compatibility function such that matching embeddings are assigned a higher score than mismatching ones; zero-shot classification of an image proceeds by finding the label yielding the highest joint compatibility score. We use state-of-the-art image features and focus on different supervised attributes and unsupervised output embeddings either derived from hierarchies or learned from unlabeled text corpora. We establish a substantially improved state-of-the-art on the Animals with Attributes and Caltech-UCSD Birds datasets. Most encouragingly, we demonstrate that purely unsupervised output embeddings (learned from Wikipedia and improved with fine-grained text) achieve compelling results, even outperforming the previous supervised state-of-the-art. By combining different output embeddings, we further improve results.



### Hyper-Spectral Image Analysis with Partially-Latent Regression and Spatial Markov Dependencies
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.8500v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/JSTSP.2015.2416677
- **Categories**: **stat.AP**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1409.8500v2)
- **Published**: 2014-09-30 11:59:01+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-03-27 16:09:52+00:00
- **Authors**: Antoine Deleforge, Florence Forbes, Sileye Ba, Radu Horaud
- **Comment**: 12 pages, 4 figures, 3 tables
- **Journal**: IEEE Journal on Selected Topics in Signal Processing, volume 9,
  number 6, 1037-1048, 2015
- **Summary**: Hyper-spectral data can be analyzed to recover physical properties at large planetary scales. This involves resolving inverse problems which can be addressed within machine learning, with the advantage that, once a relationship between physical parameters and spectra has been established in a data-driven fashion, the learned relationship can be used to estimate physical parameters for new hyper-spectral observations. Within this framework, we propose a spatially-constrained and partially-latent regression method which maps high-dimensional inputs (hyper-spectral images) onto low-dimensional responses (physical parameters such as the local chemical composition of the soil). The proposed regression model comprises two key features. Firstly, it combines a Gaussian mixture of locally-linear mappings (GLLiM) with a partially-latent response model. While the former makes high-dimensional regression tractable, the latter enables to deal with physical parameters that cannot be observed or, more generally, with data contaminated by experimental artifacts that cannot be explained with noise models. Secondly, spatial constraints are introduced in the model through a Markov random field (MRF) prior which provides a spatial structure to the Gaussian-mixture hidden variables. Experiments conducted on a database composed of remotely sensed observations collected from the Mars planet by the Mars Express orbiter demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed model.



