# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-09-28
### Combining human and machine learning for morphological analysis of galaxy images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.7935v1
- **DOI**: 10.1086/678977
- **Categories**: **astro-ph.IM**, astro-ph.GA, cs.CV, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1409.7935v1)
- **Published**: 2014-09-28 17:47:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-09-28 17:47:35+00:00
- **Authors**: Evan Kuminski, Joe George, John Wallin, Lior Shamir
- **Comment**: PASP, accepted
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The increasing importance of digital sky surveys collecting many millions of galaxy images has reinforced the need for robust methods that can perform morphological analysis of large galaxy image databases. Citizen science initiatives such as Galaxy Zoo showed that large datasets of galaxy images can be analyzed effectively by non-scientist volunteers, but since databases generated by robotic telescopes grow much faster than the processing power of any group of citizen scientists, it is clear that computer analysis is required. Here we propose to use citizen science data for training machine learning systems, and show experimental results demonstrating that machine learning systems can be trained with citizen science data. Our findings show that the performance of machine learning depends on the quality of the data, which can be improved by using samples that have a high degree of agreement between the citizen scientists. The source code of the method is publicly available.



### MoDeep: A Deep Learning Framework Using Motion Features for Human Pose Estimation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1409.7963v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, cs.NE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1409.7963v1)
- **Published**: 2014-09-28 21:32:15+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-09-28 21:32:15+00:00
- **Authors**: Arjun Jain, Jonathan Tompson, Yann LeCun, Christoph Bregler
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this work, we propose a novel and efficient method for articulated human pose estimation in videos using a convolutional network architecture, which incorporates both color and motion features. We propose a new human body pose dataset, FLIC-motion, that extends the FLIC dataset with additional motion features. We apply our architecture to this dataset and report significantly better performance than current state-of-the-art pose detection systems.



