# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2008-08-04
### A 8 bits Pipeline Analog to Digital Converter Design for High Speed Camera Application
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0808.0374v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.RO**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0808.0374v1)
- **Published**: 2008-08-04 03:23:20+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-08-04 03:23:20+00:00
- **Authors**: Eri Prasetyo, Hamzah Afandi, Nurul Huda Dominique Ginhac, Michel Paindavoine
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 5 authors, conference
- **Journal**: EEPIS, 2007
- **Summary**: - This paper describes a pipeline analog-to-digital converter is implemented for high speed camera. In the pipeline ADC design, prime factor is designing operational amplifier with high gain so ADC have been high speed. The other advantage of pipeline is simple on concept, easy to implement in layout and have flexibility to increase speed. We made design and simulation using Mentor Graphics Software with 0.6 \mu m CMOS technology with a total power dissipation of 75.47 mW. Circuit techniques used include a precise comparator, operational amplifier and clock management. A switched capacitor is used to sample and multiplying at each stage. Simulation a worst case DNL and INL of 0.75 LSB. The design operates at 5 V dc. The ADC achieves a SNDR of 44.86 dB. keywords: pipeline, switched capacitor, clock management



### Design and Implementation a 8 bits Pipeline Analog to Digital Converter in the Technology 0.6 μm CMOS Process
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0808.0387v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.RO**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0808.0387v1)
- **Published**: 2008-08-04 07:19:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-08-04 07:19:57+00:00
- **Authors**: Eri Prasetyo, Dominique Ginhac, Michel Paindavoine
- **Comment**: 5 pages, Conference in Paris
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper describes a 8 bits, 20 Msamples/s pipeline analog-to-digital converter implemented in 0.6 \mu m CMOS technology with a total power dissipation of 75.47 mW. Circuit techniques used include a precise comparator, operational amplifier and clock management. A switched capacitor is used to sample and multiplying at each stage. Simulation a worst case DNL and INL of 0.75 LSB. The design operate at 5 V dc. The ADC achieves a SNDR of 44.86 dB. keywords : pipeline, switched capacitor, clock management



