# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-10-18
### Fast Inference in Sparse Coding Algorithms with Applications to Object Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1010.3467v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1010.3467v1)
- **Published**: 2010-10-18 02:31:21+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-10-18 02:31:21+00:00
- **Authors**: Koray Kavukcuoglu, Marc'Aurelio Ranzato, Yann LeCun
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Adaptive sparse coding methods learn a possibly overcomplete set of basis functions, such that natural image patches can be reconstructed by linearly combining a small subset of these bases. The applicability of these methods to visual object recognition tasks has been limited because of the prohibitive cost of the optimization algorithms required to compute the sparse representation. In this work we propose a simple and efficient algorithm to learn basis functions. After training, this model also provides a fast and smooth approximator to the optimal representation, achieving even better accuracy than exact sparse coding algorithms on visual object recognition tasks.



### Revisiting Complex Moments For 2D Shape Representation and Image Normalization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1010.4203v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2011.2146264
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1010.4203v1)
- **Published**: 2010-10-18 20:12:29+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-10-18 20:12:29+00:00
- **Authors**: João B. F. P. Crespo, Pedro M. Q. Aguiar
- **Comment**: 69 pages, 20 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: When comparing 2D shapes, a key issue is their normalization. Translation and scale are easily taken care of by removing the mean and normalizing the energy. However, defining and computing the orientation of a 2D shape is not so simple. In fact, although for elongated shapes the principal axis can be used to define one of two possible orientations, there is no such tool for general shapes. As we show in the paper, previous approaches fail to compute the orientation of even noiseless observations of simple shapes. We address this problem. In the paper, we show how to uniquely define the orientation of an arbitrary 2D shape, in terms of what we call its Principal Moments. We show that a small subset of these moments suffice to represent the underlying 2D shape and propose a new method to efficiently compute the shape orientation: Principal Moment Analysis. Finally, we discuss how this method can further be applied to normalize grey-level images. Besides the theoretical proof of correctness, we describe experiments demonstrating robustness to noise and illustrating the method with real images.



