# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-10-13
### Combinatorial Continuous Maximal Flows
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1010.2733v2
- **DOI**: 10.1137/100799186
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.OC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1010.2733v2)
- **Published**: 2010-10-13 19:08:02+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-12-28 07:26:41+00:00
- **Authors**: Camille Couprie, Leo Grady, Hugues Talbot, Laurent Najman
- **Comment**: 26 pages
- **Journal**: SIAM Journal on Imaging Sciences 4 (2011) 905-930
- **Summary**: Maximum flow (and minimum cut) algorithms have had a strong impact on computer vision. In particular, graph cuts algorithms provide a mechanism for the discrete optimization of an energy functional which has been used in a variety of applications such as image segmentation, stereo, image stitching and texture synthesis. Algorithms based on the classical formulation of max-flow defined on a graph are known to exhibit metrication artefacts in the solution. Therefore, a recent trend has been to instead employ a spatially continuous maximum flow (or the dual min-cut problem) in these same applications to produce solutions with no metrication errors. However, known fast continuous max-flow algorithms have no stopping criteria or have not been proved to converge. In this work, we revisit the continuous max-flow problem and show that the analogous discrete formulation is different from the classical max-flow problem. We then apply an appropriate combinatorial optimization technique to this combinatorial continuous max-flow CCMF problem to find a null-divergence solution that exhibits no metrication artefacts and may be solved exactly by a fast, efficient algorithm with provable convergence. Finally, by exhibiting the dual problem of our CCMF formulation, we clarify the fact, already proved by Nozawa in the continuous setting, that the max-flow and the total variation problems are not always equivalent.



