# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-10-30
### Fast Color Quantization Using Weighted Sort-Means Clustering
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1011.0093v1
- **DOI**: 10.1364/JOSAA.26.002434
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.GR, I.4.1
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1011.0093v1)
- **Published**: 2010-10-30 16:56:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-10-30 16:56:17+00:00
- **Authors**: M. Emre Celebi
- **Comment**: 30 pages, 2 figures, 4 tables
- **Journal**: Journal of the Optical Society of America A 26 (2009) 2434-2443
- **Summary**: Color quantization is an important operation with numerous applications in graphics and image processing. Most quantization methods are essentially based on data clustering algorithms. However, despite its popularity as a general purpose clustering algorithm, k-means has not received much respect in the color quantization literature because of its high computational requirements and sensitivity to initialization. In this paper, a fast color quantization method based on k-means is presented. The method involves several modifications to the conventional (batch) k-means algorithm including data reduction, sample weighting, and the use of triangle inequality to speed up the nearest neighbor search. Experiments on a diverse set of images demonstrate that, with the proposed modifications, k-means becomes very competitive with state-of-the-art color quantization methods in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency.



### Lesion Border Detection in Dermoscopy Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1011.0640v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.compmedimag.2008.11.002
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.6
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1011.0640v1)
- **Published**: 2010-10-30 17:17:02+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-10-30 17:17:02+00:00
- **Authors**: M. Emre Celebi, Hitoshi Iyatomi, Gerald Schaefer, William V. Stoecker
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 1 figure, 3 tables
- **Journal**: Computerized Medical Imaging and Graphics 33 (2009) 148--153
- **Summary**: Background: Dermoscopy is one of the major imaging modalities used in the diagnosis of melanoma and other pigmented skin lesions. Due to the difficulty and subjectivity of human interpretation, computerized analysis of dermoscopy images has become an important research area. One of the most important steps in dermoscopy image analysis is the automated detection of lesion borders. Methods: In this article, we present a systematic overview of the recent border detection methods in the literature paying particular attention to computational issues and evaluation aspects. Conclusion: Common problems with the existing approaches include the acquisition, size, and diagnostic distribution of the test image set, the evaluation of the results, and the inadequate description of the employed methods. Border determination by dermatologists appears to depend upon higher-level knowledge, therefore it is likely that the incorporation of domain knowledge in automated methods will enable them to perform better, especially in sets of images with a variety of diagnoses.



