# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-07-13
### Sparsity assisted solution to the twin image problem in phase retrieval
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1507.03360v1
- **DOI**: 10.1364/JOSAA.32.001922
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.optics
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1507.03360v1)
- **Published**: 2015-07-13 08:52:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-07-13 08:52:03+00:00
- **Authors**: Charu Gaur, Baranidharan Mohan, Kedar Khare
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The iterative phase retrieval problem for complex-valued objects from Fourier transform magnitude data is known to suffer from the twin image problem. In particular, when the object support is centro-symmetric, the iterative solution often stagnates such that the resultant complex image contains the features of both the desired solution and its inverted and complex-conjugated replica. The conventional approach to address the twin image problem is to modify the object support during initial iterations which can possibly lead to elimination of one of the twin images. However, at present there seems to be no deterministic procedure to make sure that the twin image will always be very weak or absent. In this work we make an important observation that the ideal solution without the twin image is typically more sparse (in some suitable transform domain) as compared to the stagnated solution containing the twin image. We further show that introducing a sparsity enhancing step in the iterative algorithm can address the twin image problem without the need to change the object support throughout the iterative process even when the object support is centro-symmetric. In a simulation study, we use binary and gray-scale pure phase objects and illustrate the effectiveness of the sparsity assisted phase recovery in the context of the twin image problem. The results have important implications for a wide range of topics in Physics where the phase retrieval problem plays a central role.



### Unconstrained Facial Landmark Localization with Backbone-Branches Fully-Convolutional Networks
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1507.03409v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1507.03409v3)
- **Published**: 2015-07-13 11:58:09+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-04-14 07:38:52+00:00
- **Authors**: Zhujin Liang, Shengyong Ding, Liang Lin
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn due to several error
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper investigates how to rapidly and accurately localize facial landmarks in unconstrained, cluttered environments rather than in the well segmented face images. We present a novel Backbone-Branches Fully-Convolutional Neural Network (BB-FCN), which produces facial landmark response maps directly from raw images without relying on pre-process or sliding window approaches. BB-FCN contains one backbone and a number of network branches with each corresponding to one landmark type, and it operates in a progressive manner. Specifically, the backbone roughly detects the locations of facial landmarks by taking the whole image as input, and the branches further refine the localizations based on a local observation from the backbone's intermediate feature map. Moreover, our backbone-branches architecture does not contain full-connection layers for location regression, leading to efficient learning and inference. Our extensive experiments show that our model achieves superior performances over other state-of-the-arts under both the constrained (i.e. with face regions) and the "in the wild" scenarios.



