# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-07-03
### LogDet Rank Minimization with Application to Subspace Clustering
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1507.00908v1
- **DOI**: 10.1155/2015/824289
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1507.00908v1)
- **Published**: 2015-07-03 13:30:41+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-07-03 13:30:41+00:00
- **Authors**: Zhao Kang, Chong Peng, Jie Cheng, Qiang Chen
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 4 figures
- **Journal**: Computational Intelligence and Neuroscience, Volume 2015, Article
  ID 824289
- **Summary**: Low-rank matrix is desired in many machine learning and computer vision problems. Most of the recent studies use the nuclear norm as a convex surrogate of the rank operator. However, all singular values are simply added together by the nuclear norm, and thus the rank may not be well approximated in practical problems. In this paper, we propose to use a log-determinant (LogDet) function as a smooth and closer, though non-convex, approximation to rank for obtaining a low-rank representation in subspace clustering. Augmented Lagrange multipliers strategy is applied to iteratively optimize the LogDet-based non-convex objective function on potentially large-scale data. By making use of the angular information of principal directions of the resultant low-rank representation, an affinity graph matrix is constructed for spectral clustering. Experimental results on motion segmentation and face clustering data demonstrate that the proposed method often outperforms state-of-the-art subspace clustering algorithms.



### Fine-grained Recognition Datasets for Biodiversity Analysis
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1507.00913v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1507.00913v1)
- **Published**: 2015-07-03 13:53:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-07-03 13:53:26+00:00
- **Authors**: Erik Rodner, Marcel Simon, Gunnar Brehm, Stephanie Pietsch, J. Wolfgang Wägele, Joachim Denzler
- **Comment**: CVPR FGVC Workshop 2015; dataset available
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In the following paper, we present and discuss challenging applications for fine-grained visual classification (FGVC): biodiversity and species analysis. We not only give details about two challenging new datasets suitable for computer vision research with up to 675 highly similar classes, but also present first results with localized features using convolutional neural networks (CNN). We conclude with a list of challenging new research directions in the area of visual classification for biodiversity research.



