# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2004-05-25
### Computerized Face Detection and Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/cs/0405093v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.8; I.5
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/cs/0405093v2)
- **Published**: 2004-05-25 11:36:34+00:00
- **Updated**: 2004-10-20 10:07:43+00:00
- **Authors**: Vytautas Perlibakas
- **Comment**: PhD dissertation summary. 35 pages, 12 figures, 7 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This publication presents methods for face detection, analysis and recognition: fast normalized cross-correlation (fast correlation coefficient) between multiple templates based face pre-detection method, method for detection of exact face contour based on snakes and Generalized Gradient Vector Flow field, method for combining recognition algorithms based on Cumulative Match Characteristics in order to increase recognition speed and accuracy, and face recognition method based on Principal Component Analysis of the Wavelet Packet Decomposition allowing to use PCA - based recognition method with large number of training images. For all the methods are presented experimental results and comparisons of speed and accuracy with large face databases.



### Blind Detection and Compensation of Camera Lens Geometric Distortions
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/cs/0405095v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I 4.1
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/cs/0405095v1)
- **Published**: 2004-05-25 22:40:42+00:00
- **Updated**: 2004-05-25 22:40:42+00:00
- **Authors**: Lili Ma, YangQuan Chen, Kevin L. Moore
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 4 figures, 2 tables
- **Journal**: SIAM Imaging Science, 2004
- **Summary**: This paper presents a blind detection and compensation technique for camera lens geometric distortions. The lens distortion introduces higher-order correlations in the frequency domain and in turn it can be detected using higher-order spectral analysis tools without assuming any specific calibration target. The existing blind lens distortion removal method only considered a single-coefficient radial distortion model. In this paper, two coefficients are considered to model approximately the geometric distortion. All the models considered have analytical closed-form inverse formulae.



