# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-12-06
### Meaningful Matches in Stereovision
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.1187v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TPAMI.2011.207
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, stat.AP
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1112.1187v1)
- **Published**: 2011-12-06 08:06:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-12-06 08:06:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Neus Sabater, Andrés Almansa, Jean-Michel Morel
- **Comment**: IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence 99,
  Preprints (2011) 1-12
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper introduces a statistical method to decide whether two blocks in a pair of of images match reliably. The method ensures that the selected block matches are unlikely to have occurred "just by chance." The new approach is based on the definition of a simple but faithful statistical "background model" for image blocks learned from the image itself. A theorem guarantees that under this model not more than a fixed number of wrong matches occurs (on average) for the whole image. This fixed number (the number of false alarms) is the only method parameter. Furthermore, the number of false alarms associated with each match measures its reliability. This "a contrario" block-matching method, however, cannot rule out false matches due to the presence of periodic objects in the images. But it is successfully complemented by a parameterless "self-similarity threshold." Experimental evidence shows that the proposed method also detects occlusions and incoherent motions due to vehicles and pedestrians in non simultaneous stereo.



### A multi-feature tracking algorithm enabling adaptation to context variations
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.1200v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1112.1200v1)
- **Published**: 2011-12-06 09:19:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-12-06 09:19:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Duc Phu Chau, François Bremond, Monique Thonnat
- **Comment**: The International Conference on Imaging for Crime Detection and
  Prevention (ICDP) (2011)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We propose in this paper a tracking algorithm which is able to adapt itself to different scene contexts. A feature pool is used to compute the matching score between two detected objects. This feature pool includes 2D, 3D displacement distances, 2D sizes, color histogram, histogram of oriented gradient (HOG), color covariance and dominant color. An offline learning process is proposed to search for useful features and to estimate their weights for each context. In the online tracking process, a temporal window is defined to establish the links between the detected objects. This enables to find the object trajectories even if the objects are misdetected in some frames. A trajectory filter is proposed to remove noisy trajectories. Experimentation on different contexts is shown. The proposed tracker has been tested in videos belonging to three public datasets and to the Caretaker European project. The experimental results prove the effect of the proposed feature weight learning, and the robustness of the proposed tracker compared to some methods in the state of the art. The contributions of our approach over the state of the art trackers are: (i) a robust tracking algorithm based on a feature pool, (ii) a supervised learning scheme to learn feature weights for each context, (iii) a new method to quantify the reliability of HOG descriptor, (iv) a combination of color covariance and dominant color features with spatial pyramid distance to manage the case of object occlusion.



