# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-12-05
### Optimality Bounds for a Variational Relaxation of the Image Partitioning Problem
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.0974v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.CO, math.FA, math.OC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1112.0974v1)
- **Published**: 2011-12-05 16:05:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-12-05 16:05:32+00:00
- **Authors**: Jan Lellmann, Frank Lenzen, Christoph Schnörr
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We consider a variational convex relaxation of a class of optimal partitioning and multiclass labeling problems, which has recently proven quite successful and can be seen as a continuous analogue of Linear Programming (LP) relaxation methods for finite-dimensional problems. While for the latter case several optimality bounds are known, to our knowledge no such bounds exist in the continuous setting. We provide such a bound by analyzing a probabilistic rounding method, showing that it is possible to obtain an integral solution of the original partitioning problem from a solution of the relaxed problem with an a priori upper bound on the objective, ensuring the quality of the result from the viewpoint of optimization. The approach has a natural interpretation as an approximate, multiclass variant of the celebrated coarea formula.



### Classification with Invariant Scattering Representations
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.1120v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.FA, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1112.1120v1)
- **Published**: 2011-12-05 23:25:07+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-12-05 23:25:07+00:00
- **Authors**: Joan Bruna, Stéphane Mallat
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 2 figures; IVMSP Workshop, 2011 IEEE 10th
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A scattering transform defines a signal representation which is invariant to translations and Lipschitz continuous relatively to deformations. It is implemented with a non-linear convolution network that iterates over wavelet and modulus operators. Lipschitz continuity locally linearizes deformations. Complex classes of signals and textures can be modeled with low-dimensional affine spaces, computed with a PCA in the scattering domain. Classification is performed with a penalized model selection. State of the art results are obtained for handwritten digit recognition over small training sets, and for texture classification.



