# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-12-16
### Insights from Classifying Visual Concepts with Multiple Kernel Learning
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.3697v1
- **DOI**: 10.1371/journal.pone.0038897
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1112.3697v1)
- **Published**: 2011-12-16 01:06:47+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-12-16 01:06:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Alexander Binder, Shinichi Nakajima, Marius Kloft, Christina Müller, Wojciech Samek, Ulf Brefeld, Klaus-Robert Müller, Motoaki Kawanabe
- **Comment**: 18 pages, 8 tables, 4 figures, format deviating from plos one
  submission format requirements for aesthetic reasons
- **Journal**: PLoS ONE 7(8): e38897, 2012
- **Summary**: Combining information from various image features has become a standard technique in concept recognition tasks. However, the optimal way of fusing the resulting kernel functions is usually unknown in practical applications. Multiple kernel learning (MKL) techniques allow to determine an optimal linear combination of such similarity matrices. Classical approaches to MKL promote sparse mixtures. Unfortunately, so-called 1-norm MKL variants are often observed to be outperformed by an unweighted sum kernel. The contribution of this paper is twofold: We apply a recently developed non-sparse MKL variant to state-of-the-art concept recognition tasks within computer vision. We provide insights on benefits and limits of non-sparse MKL and compare it against its direct competitors, the sum kernel SVM and the sparse MKL. We report empirical results for the PASCAL VOC 2009 Classification and ImageCLEF2010 Photo Annotation challenge data sets. About to be submitted to PLoS ONE.



### Developing Autonomic Properties for Distributed Pattern-Recognition Systems with ASSL: A Distributed MARF Case Study
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.3972v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/978-3-642-28525-7_5
- **Categories**: **cs.DC**, cs.CV, cs.SE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1112.3972v1)
- **Published**: 2011-12-16 21:12:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-12-16 21:12:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Emil Vassev, Serguei A. Mokhov
- **Comment**: 28 pages; 16 figures; Submitted and accepted in 2010; to appear in
  "E. Vassev and S. A. Mokhov. Development and evaluation of autonomic
  properties for pattern-recognition systems with ASSL -- a distributed MARF
  case study. Transactions on Computational Science, Special Issue on Advances
  in Autonomic Computing: Formal Engineering Methods for Nature-Inspired
  Computing Systems, XV (LNCS7050)."
- **Journal**: J. Trans. on Comput. Sci. XV, Springer-Verlag,130-157
- **Summary**: In this paper, we discuss our research towards developing special properties that introduce autonomic behavior in pattern-recognition systems. In our approach we use ASSL (Autonomic System Specification Language) to formally develop such properties for DMARF (Distributed Modular Audio Recognition Framework). These properties enhance DMARF with an autonomic middleware that manages the four stages of the framework's pattern-recognition pipeline. DMARF is a biologically inspired system employing pattern recognition, signal processing, and natural language processing helping us process audio, textual, or imagery data needed by a variety of scientific applications, e.g., biometric applications. In that context, the notion go autonomic DMARF (ADMARF) can be employed by autonomous and robotic systems that theoretically require less-to-none human intervention other than data collection for pattern analysis and observing the results. In this article, we explain the ASSL specification models for the autonomic properties of DMARF.



