# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-12-07
### POCS Based Super-Resolution Image Reconstruction Using an Adaptive Regularization Parameter
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.1484v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1112.1484v1)
- **Published**: 2011-12-07 06:29:07+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-12-07 06:29:07+00:00
- **Authors**: S. S. Panda, M. S. R. S Prasad, G. Jena
- **Comment**: 4 pages,2 fig,2 tables,Published in IJCSI International Journal of
  Computer Science Issues, Vol. 8, Issue 5, No 2, September 2011 ISSN (Online):
  1694-0814
- **Journal**: IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science Issues, Vol. 8,
  Issue 5, No 2, September 2011 ISSN (Online): 1694-0814
- **Summary**: Crucial information barely visible to the human eye is often embedded in a series of low-resolution images taken of the same scene. Super-resolution enables the extraction of this information by reconstructing a single image, at a high resolution than is present in any of the individual images. This is particularly useful in forensic imaging, where the extraction of minute details in an image can help to solve a crime. Super-resolution image restoration has been one of the most important research areas in recent years which goals to obtain a high resolution (HR) image from several low resolutions (LR) blurred, noisy, under sampled and displaced images. Relation of the HR image and LR images can be modeled by a linear system using a transformation matrix and additive noise. However, a unique solution may not be available because of the singularity of transformation matrix. To overcome this problem, POCS method has been used. However, their performance is not good because the effect of noise energy has been ignored. In this paper, we propose an adaptive regularization approach based on the fact that the regularization parameter should be a linear function of noise variance. The performance of the proposed approach has been tested on several images and the obtained results demonstrate the superiority of our approach compared with existing methods.



### Re-initialization Free Level Set Evolution via Reaction Diffusion
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.1496v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1112.1496v3)
- **Published**: 2011-12-07 08:16:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-08 01:28:14+00:00
- **Authors**: Kaihua Zhang, Lei Zhang, Huihui Song, David Zhang
- **Comment**: IEEE Trans. on Image Processing, to appear
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper presents a novel reaction-diffusion (RD) method for implicit active contours, which is completely free of the costly re-initialization procedure in level set evolution (LSE). A diffusion term is introduced into LSE, resulting in a RD-LSE equation, to which a piecewise constant solution can be derived. In order to have a stable numerical solution of the RD based LSE, we propose a two-step splitting method (TSSM) to iteratively solve the RD-LSE equation: first iterating the LSE equation, and then solving the diffusion equation. The second step regularizes the level set function obtained in the first step to ensure stability, and thus the complex and costly re-initialization procedure is completely eliminated from LSE. By successfully applying diffusion to LSE, the RD-LSE model is stable by means of the simple finite difference method, which is very easy to implement. The proposed RD method can be generalized to solve the LSE for both variational level set method and PDE-based level set method. The RD-LSE method shows very good performance on boundary anti-leakage, and it can be readily extended to high dimensional level set method. The extensive and promising experimental results on synthetic and real images validate the effectiveness of the proposed RD-LSE approach.



