# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-12-23
### Spatio-temporal wavelet regularization for parallel MRI reconstruction: application to functional MRI
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.0022v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **stat.AP**, cs.CV, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1201.0022v3)
- **Published**: 2011-12-23 18:26:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-03 21:42:10+00:00
- **Authors**: Lotfi Chaari, Sébastien Mériaux, Jean-Christophe Pesquet, Philippe Ciuciu
- **Comment**: arXiv admin note: substantial text overlap with arXiv:1103.3532
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Parallel MRI is a fast imaging technique that enables the acquisition of highly resolved images in space or/and in time. The performance of parallel imaging strongly depends on the reconstruction algorithm, which can proceed either in the original k-space (GRAPPA, SMASH) or in the image domain (SENSE-like methods). To improve the performance of the widely used SENSE algorithm, 2D- or slice-specific regularization in the wavelet domain has been deeply investigated. In this paper, we extend this approach using 3D-wavelet representations in order to handle all slices together and address reconstruction artifacts which propagate across adjacent slices. The gain induced by such extension (3D-Unconstrained Wavelet Regularized -SENSE: 3D-UWR-SENSE) is validated on anatomical image reconstruction where no temporal acquisition is considered. Another important extension accounts for temporal correlations that exist between successive scans in functional MRI (fMRI). In addition to the case of 2D+t acquisition schemes addressed by some other methods like kt-FOCUSS, our approach allows us to deal with 3D+t acquisition schemes which are widely used in neuroimaging. The resulting 3D-UWR-SENSE and 4D-UWR-SENSE reconstruction schemes are fully unsupervised in the sense that all regularization parameters are estimated in the maximum likelihood sense on a reference scan. The gain induced by such extensions is illustrated on both anatomical and functional image reconstruction, and also measured in terms of statistical sensitivity for the 4D-UWR-SENSE approach during a fast event-related fMRI protocol. Our 4D-UWR-SENSE algorithm outperforms the SENSE reconstruction at the subject and group levels (15 subjects) for different contrasts of interest (eg, motor or computation tasks) and using different parallel acceleration factors (R=2 and R=4) on 2x2x3mm3 EPI images.



### Discretization of Parametrizable Signal Manifolds
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.5638v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2011.2155077
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1112.5638v1)
- **Published**: 2011-12-23 19:08:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-12-23 19:08:10+00:00
- **Authors**: Elif Vural, Pascal Frossard
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Image Processing, vol. 20, no. 12, Dec. 2011
- **Summary**: Transformation-invariant analysis of signals often requires the computation of the distance from a test pattern to a transformation manifold. In particular, the estimation of the distances between a transformed query signal and several transformation manifolds representing different classes provides essential information for the classification of the signal. In many applications the computation of the exact distance to the manifold is costly, whereas an efficient practical solution is the approximation of the manifold distance with the aid of a manifold grid. In this paper, we consider a setting with transformation manifolds of known parameterization. We first present an algorithm for the selection of samples from a single manifold that permits to minimize the average error in the manifold distance estimation. Then we propose a method for the joint discretization of multiple manifolds that represent different signal classes, where we optimize the transformation-invariant classification accuracy yielded by the discrete manifold representation. Experimental results show that sampling each manifold individually by minimizing the manifold distance estimation error outperforms baseline sampling solutions with respect to registration and classification accuracy. Performing an additional joint optimization on all samples improves the classification performance further. Moreover, given a fixed total number of samples to be selected from all manifolds, an asymmetric distribution of samples to different manifolds depending on their geometric structures may also increase the classification accuracy in comparison with the equal distribution of samples.



### Learning Smooth Pattern Transformation Manifolds
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.5640v5
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2012.2227768
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1112.5640v5)
- **Published**: 2011-12-23 19:13:31+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-30 13:29:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Elif Vural, Pascal Frossard
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Image Processing, vol. 22, no. 4, pp.
  1311-1325, 2013
- **Summary**: Manifold models provide low-dimensional representations that are useful for processing and analyzing data in a transformation-invariant way. In this paper, we study the problem of learning smooth pattern transformation manifolds from image sets that represent observations of geometrically transformed signals. In order to construct a manifold, we build a representative pattern whose transformations accurately fit various input images. We examine two objectives of the manifold building problem, namely, approximation and classification. For the approximation problem, we propose a greedy method that constructs a representative pattern by selecting analytic atoms from a continuous dictionary manifold. We present a DC (Difference-of-Convex) optimization scheme that is applicable to a wide range of transformation and dictionary models, and demonstrate its application to transformation manifolds generated by rotation, translation and anisotropic scaling of a reference pattern. Then, we generalize this approach to a setting with multiple transformation manifolds, where each manifold represents a different class of signals. We present an iterative multiple manifold building algorithm such that the classification accuracy is promoted in the learning of the representative patterns. Experimental results suggest that the proposed methods yield high accuracy in the approximation and classification of data compared to some reference methods, while the invariance to geometric transformations is achieved due to the transformation manifold model.



