# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-12-14
### GPU-based Image Analysis on Mobile Devices
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.3110v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.GR**, cs.CV, I.3.1; I.4.8
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1112.3110v1)
- **Published**: 2011-12-14 03:46:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-12-14 03:46:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Andrew Ensor, Seth Hall
- **Comment**: Proceedings of Image and Vision Computing New Zealand 2011
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: With the rapid advances in mobile technology many mobile devices are capable of capturing high quality images and video with their embedded camera. This paper investigates techniques for real-time processing of the resulting images, particularly on-device utilizing a graphical processing unit. Issues and limitations of image processing on mobile devices are discussed, and the performance of graphical processing units on a range of devices measured through a programmable shader implementation of Canny edge detection.



### Higher-Order Momentum Distributions and Locally Affine LDDMM Registration
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.3166v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.NA
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1112.3166v2)
- **Published**: 2011-12-14 11:10:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-11-29 09:12:24+00:00
- **Authors**: Stefan Sommer, Mads Nielsen, Sune Darkner, Xavier Pennec
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: To achieve sparse parametrizations that allows intuitive analysis, we aim to represent deformation with a basis containing interpretable elements, and we wish to use elements that have the description capacity to represent the deformation compactly. To accomplish this, we introduce in this paper higher-order momentum distributions in the LDDMM registration framework. While the zeroth order moments previously used in LDDMM only describe local displacement, the first-order momenta that are proposed here represent a basis that allows local description of affine transformations and subsequent compact description of non-translational movement in a globally non-rigid deformation. The resulting representation contains directly interpretable information from both mathematical and modeling perspectives. We develop the mathematical construction of the registration framework with higher-order momenta, we show the implications for sparse image registration and deformation description, and we provide examples of how the parametrization enables registration with a very low number of parameters. The capacity and interpretability of the parametrization using higher-order momenta lead to natural modeling of articulated movement, and the method promises to be useful for quantifying ventricle expansion and progressing atrophy during Alzheimer's disease.



### Automatic post-picking improves particle image detection from Cryo-EM micrographs
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1112.3173v2
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.jsb.2013.02.008
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, q-bio.BM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1112.3173v2)
- **Published**: 2011-12-14 11:38:34+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-01-02 12:39:20+00:00
- **Authors**: Ramin Norousi, Stephan Wickles, Thomas Becker, Roland Beckmann, Volker J. Schmid, Achim Tresch
- **Comment**: 14 pages, 5 figures
- **Journal**: Journal of Structural Biology 2013. 182(2)
- **Summary**: Cryo-electron microscopy (cryo-EM) studies using single particle reconstruction is extensively used to reveal structural information of macromolecular complexes. Aiming at the highest achievable resolution, state of the art electron microscopes acquire thousands of high-quality images. Having collected these data, each single particle must be detected and windowed out. Several fully- or semi-automated approaches have been developed for the selection of particle images from digitized micrographs. However they still require laborious manual post processing, which will become the major bottleneck for next generation of electron microscopes. Instead of focusing on improvements in automated particle selection from micrographs, we propose a post-picking step for classifying small windowed images, which are output by common picking software. A supervised strategy for the classification of windowed micrograph images into particles and non-particles reduces the manual workload by orders of magnitude. The method builds on new powerful image features, and the proper training of an ensemble classifier. A few hundred training samples are enough to achieve a human-like classification performance.



