# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-06-22
### A generic framework for video understanding applied to group behavior recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.5065v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/AVSS.2012.1
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.5065v1)
- **Published**: 2012-06-22 06:24:30+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-06-22 06:24:30+00:00
- **Authors**: Sofia Zaidenberg, Bernard Boulay, François Bremond
- **Comment**: (20/03/2012)
- **Journal**: 9th IEEE International Conference on Advanced Video and
  Signal-Based Surveillance (AVSS 2012) (2012) 136 -142
- **Summary**: This paper presents an approach to detect and track groups of people in video-surveillance applications, and to automatically recognize their behavior. This method keeps track of individuals moving together by maintaining a spacial and temporal group coherence. First, people are individually detected and tracked. Second, their trajectories are analyzed over a temporal window and clustered using the Mean-Shift algorithm. A coherence value describes how well a set of people can be described as a group. Furthermore, we propose a formal event description language. The group events recognition approach is successfully validated on 4 camera views from 3 datasets: an airport, a subway, a shopping center corridor and an entrance hall.



### Leaf vein segmentation using Odd Gabor filters and morphological operations
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.5157v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.5157v1)
- **Published**: 2012-06-22 14:22:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-06-22 14:22:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Vini Katyal, Aviral
- **Comment**: International Journal of Advanced Research in Computer Science Volume
  3, No. 3, May-June 2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Leaf vein forms the basis of leaf characterization and classification. Different species have different leaf vein patterns. It is seen that leaf vein segmentation will help in maintaining a record of all the leaves according to their specific pattern of veins thus provide an effective way to retrieve and store information regarding various plant species in database as well as provide an effective means to characterize plants on the basis of leaf vein structure which is unique for every species. The algorithm proposes a new way of segmentation of leaf veins with the use of Odd Gabor filters and the use of morphological operations for producing a better output. The Odd Gabor filter gives an efficient output and is robust and scalable as compared with the existing techniques as it detects the fine fiber like veins present in leaves much more efficiently.



