# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-06-10
### Dimension Reduction by Mutual Information Discriminant Analysis
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.2058v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IT, cs.LG, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.2058v1)
- **Published**: 2012-06-10 21:22:50+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-06-10 21:22:50+00:00
- **Authors**: Ali Shadvar
- **Comment**: 13pages, 3 tables, International Journal of Artificial Intelligence &
  Applications
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In the past few decades, researchers have proposed many discriminant analysis (DA) algorithms for the study of high-dimensional data in a variety of problems. Most DA algorithms for feature extraction are based on transformations that simultaneously maximize the between-class scatter and minimize the withinclass scatter matrices. This paper presents a novel DA algorithm for feature extraction using mutual information (MI). However, it is not always easy to obtain an accurate estimation for high-dimensional MI. In this paper, we propose an efficient method for feature extraction that is based on one-dimensional MI estimations. We will refer to this algorithm as mutual information discriminant analysis (MIDA). The performance of this proposed method was evaluated using UCI databases. The results indicate that MIDA provides robust performance over different data sets with different characteristics and that MIDA always performs better than, or at least comparable to, the best performing algorithms.



### Comments on "On Approximating Euclidean Metrics by Weighted t-Cost Distances in Arbitrary Dimension"
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.2061v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.patrec.2012.03.002
- **Categories**: **cs.NA**, cs.CV, G.1.2; I.5
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.2061v1)
- **Published**: 2012-06-10 22:13:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-06-10 22:13:45+00:00
- **Authors**: M. Emre Celebi, Hassan A. Kingravi, Fatih Celiker
- **Comment**: 7 pages, 1 figure, 3 tables. arXiv admin note: substantial text
  overlap with arXiv:1008.4870
- **Journal**: Pattern Recognition Letters 33 (2012) 1422--1425
- **Summary**: Mukherjee (Pattern Recognition Letters, vol. 32, pp. 824-831, 2011) recently introduced a class of distance functions called weighted t-cost distances that generalize m-neighbor, octagonal, and t-cost distances. He proved that weighted t-cost distances form a family of metrics and derived an approximation for the Euclidean norm in $\mathbb{Z}^n$. In this note we compare this approximation to two previously proposed Euclidean norm approximations and demonstrate that the empirical average errors given by Mukherjee are significantly optimistic in $\mathbb{R}^n$. We also propose a simple normalization scheme that improves the accuracy of his approximation substantially with respect to both average and maximum relative errors.



### Revolvable Indoor Panoramas Using a Rectified Azimuthal Projection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.2068v4
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.DG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.2068v4)
- **Published**: 2012-06-10 23:06:40+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-05-02 01:39:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Chamberlain Fong
- **Comment**: expanded version of "An Indoor Alternative to Stereographic Spherical
  Panoramas" (Bridges 2014)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present an algorithm for converting an indoor spherical panorama into a photograph with a simulated overhead view. The resulting image will have an extremely wide field of view covering up to 4{\pi} steradians of the spherical panorama. We argue that our method complements the stereographic projection commonly used in the "little planet" effect. The stereographic projection works well in creating little planets of outdoor scenes; whereas our method is a well-suited counterpart for indoor scenes. The main innovation of our method is the introduction of a novel azimuthal map projection that can smoothly blend between the stereographic projection and the Lambert azimuthal equal-area projection. Our projection has an adjustable parameter that allows one to control and compromise between distortions in shape and distortions in size within the projected panorama. This extra control parameter gives our projection the ability to produce superior results over the stereographic projection.



