# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-06-20
### Gray Image extraction using Fuzzy Logic
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.4391v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ACCT.2012.60
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.4391v1)
- **Published**: 2012-06-20 06:16:18+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-06-20 06:16:18+00:00
- **Authors**: Koushik Mondal, Paramartha Dutta, Siddhartha Bhattacharyya
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 5 figures, Fuzzy Rule Base, Image Extraction, Fuzzy
  Inference System (FIS), Membership Functions, Membership values,Image coding
  and Processing, Soft Computing, Computer Vision Accepted and published in
  IEEE. arXiv admin note: text overlap with arXiv:1206.3633
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Fuzzy systems concern fundamental methodology to represent and process uncertainty and imprecision in the linguistic information. The fuzzy systems that use fuzzy rules to represent the domain knowledge of the problem are known as Fuzzy Rule Base Systems (FRBS). On the other hand image segmentation and subsequent extraction from a noise-affected background, with the help of various soft computing methods, are relatively new and quite popular due to various reasons. These methods include various Artificial Neural Network (ANN) models (primarily supervised in nature), Genetic Algorithm (GA) based techniques, intensity histogram based methods etc. providing an extraction solution working in unsupervised mode happens to be even more interesting problem. Literature suggests that effort in this respect appears to be quite rudimentary. In the present article, we propose a fuzzy rule guided novel technique that is functional devoid of any external intervention during execution. Experimental results suggest that this approach is an efficient one in comparison to different other techniques extensively addressed in literature. In order to justify the supremacy of performance of our proposed technique in respect of its competitors, we take recourse to effective metrics like Mean Squared Error (MSE), Mean Absolute Error (MAE), Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR).



### Statistical Translation, Heat Kernels and Expected Distances
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.5248v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV, cs.IR, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.5248v1)
- **Published**: 2012-06-20 14:55:04+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-06-20 14:55:04+00:00
- **Authors**: Joshua Dillon, Yi Mao, Guy Lebanon, Jian Zhang
- **Comment**: Appears in Proceedings of the Twenty-Third Conference on Uncertainty
  in Artificial Intelligence (UAI2007)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: High dimensional structured data such as text and images is often poorly understood and misrepresented in statistical modeling. The standard histogram representation suffers from high variance and performs poorly in general. We explore novel connections between statistical translation, heat kernels on manifolds and graphs, and expected distances. These connections provide a new framework for unsupervised metric learning for text documents. Experiments indicate that the resulting distances are generally superior to their more standard counterparts.



