# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-06-15
### Functional Currents : a new mathematical tool to model and analyse functional shapes
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.3564v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s10851-012-0413-4
- **Categories**: **cs.CG**, cs.CV, math.DG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.3564v1)
- **Published**: 2012-06-15 13:03:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-06-15 13:03:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Nicolas Charon, Alain Trouvé
- **Comment**: 28 pages, 10 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper introduces the concept of functional current as a mathematical framework to represent and treat functional shapes, i.e. sub-manifold supported signals. It is motivated by the growing occurrence, in medical imaging and computational anatomy, of what can be described as geometrico-functional data, that is a data structure that involves a deformable shape (roughly a finite dimensional sub manifold) together with a function defined on this shape taking value in another manifold.   Indeed, if mathematical currents have already proved to be very efficient theoretically and numerically to model and process shapes as curves or surfaces, they are limited to the manipulation of purely geometrical objects. We show that the introduction of the concept of functional currents offers a genuine solution to the simultaneous processing of the geometric and signal information of any functional shape. We explain how functional currents can be equipped with a Hilbertian norm mixing geometrical and functional content of functional shapes nicely behaving under geometrical and functional perturbations and paving the way to various processing algorithms. We illustrate this potential on two problems: the redundancy reduction of functional shapes representations through matching pursuit schemes on functional currents and the simultaneous geometric and functional registration of functional shapes under diffeomorphic transport.



### Blind PSF estimation and methods of deconvolution optimization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.3594v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.3594v1)
- **Published**: 2012-06-15 20:51:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-06-15 20:51:39+00:00
- **Authors**: Yu. A. Bunyak, O. Yu. Sofina, R. N. Kvetnyy
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We have shown that the left side null space of the autoregression (AR) matrix operator is the lexicographical presentation of the point spread function (PSF) on condition the AR parameters are common for original and blurred images. The method of inverse PSF evaluation with regularization functional as the function of surface area is offered. The inverse PSF was used for primary image estimation. Two methods of original image estimate optimization were designed basing on maximum entropy generalization of sought and blurred images conditional probability density and regularization. The first method uses balanced variations of convolution and deconvolution transforms to obtaining iterative schema of image optimization. The variations balance was defined by dynamic regularization basing on condition of iteration process convergence. The regularization has dynamic character because depends on current and previous image estimate variations. The second method implements the regularization of deconvolution optimization in curved space with metric defined on image estimate surface. It is basing on target functional invariance to fluctuations of optimal argument value. The given iterative schemas have faster convergence in comparison with known ones, so they can be used for reconstruction of high resolution images series in real time.



