# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-06-12
### A Novel Windowing Technique for Efficient Computation of MFCC for Speaker Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.2437v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/LSP.2012.2235067
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.2437v1)
- **Published**: 2012-06-12 04:23:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-06-12 04:23:38+00:00
- **Authors**: Md. Sahidullah, Goutam Saha
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we propose a novel family of windowing technique to compute Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficient (MFCC) for automatic speaker recognition from speech. The proposed method is based on fundamental property of discrete time Fourier transform (DTFT) related to differentiation in frequency domain. Classical windowing scheme such as Hamming window is modified to obtain derivatives of discrete time Fourier transform coefficients. It has been mathematically shown that the slope and phase of power spectrum are inherently incorporated in newly computed cepstrum. Speaker recognition systems based on our proposed family of window functions are shown to attain substantial and consistent performance improvement over baseline single tapered Hamming window as well as recently proposed multitaper windowing technique.



### Image Similarity Using Sparse Representation and Compression Distance
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.2627v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TMM.2014.2306175
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.2627v2)
- **Published**: 2012-06-12 19:30:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-05-07 23:07:29+00:00
- **Authors**: Tanaya Guha, Rabab K. Ward
- **Comment**: submitted journal draft
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A new line of research uses compression methods to measure the similarity between signals. Two signals are considered similar if one can be compressed significantly when the information of the other is known. The existing compression-based similarity methods, although successful in the discrete one dimensional domain, do not work well in the context of images. This paper proposes a sparse representation-based approach to encode the information content of an image using information from the other image, and uses the compactness (sparsity) of the representation as a measure of its compressibility (how much can the image be compressed) with respect to the other image. The more sparse the representation of an image, the better it can be compressed and the more it is similar to the other image. The efficacy of the proposed measure is demonstrated through the high accuracies achieved in image clustering, retrieval and classification.



