# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-06-16
### Feature Based Fuzzy Rule Base Design for Image Extraction
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.3633v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.3633v1)
- **Published**: 2012-06-16 07:11:02+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-06-16 07:11:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Koushik Mondal, Paramartha Dutta, Siddhartha Bhattacharyya
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 5 figures, Fuzzy Rule Base; Image Extraction; Fuzzy
  Inference System (FIS); Membership Functions; Region of Interests; Feature
  Selection
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In the recent advancement of multimedia technologies, it becomes a major concern of detecting visual attention regions in the field of image processing. The popularity of the terminal devices in a heterogeneous environment of the multimedia technology gives us enough scope for the betterment of image visualization. Although there exist numerous methods, feature based image extraction becomes a popular one in the field of image processing. The objective of image segmentation is the domain-independent partition of the image into a set of regions, which are visually distinct and uniform with respect to some property, such as grey level, texture or colour. Segmentation and subsequent extraction can be considered the first step and key issue in object recognition, scene understanding and image analysis. Its application area encompasses mobile devices, industrial quality control, medical appliances, robot navigation, geophysical exploration, military applications, etc. In all these areas, the quality of the final results depends largely on the quality of the preprocessing work. Most of the times, acquiring spurious-free preprocessing data requires a lot of application cum mathematical intensive background works. We propose a feature based fuzzy rule guided novel technique that is functionally devoid of any external intervention during execution. Experimental results suggest that this approach is an efficient one in comparison to different other techniques extensively addressed in literature. In order to justify the supremacy of performance of our proposed technique in respect of its competitors, we take recourse to effective metrics like Mean Squared Error (MSE), Mean Absolute Error (MAE) and Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR).



### How important are Deformable Parts in the Deformable Parts Model?
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1206.3714v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1206.3714v1)
- **Published**: 2012-06-16 23:26:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-06-16 23:26:38+00:00
- **Authors**: Santosh K. Divvala, Alexei A. Efros, Martial Hebert
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The main stated contribution of the Deformable Parts Model (DPM) detector of Felzenszwalb et al. (over the Histogram-of-Oriented-Gradients approach of Dalal and Triggs) is the use of deformable parts. A secondary contribution is the latent discriminative learning. Tertiary is the use of multiple components. A common belief in the vision community (including ours, before this study) is that their ordering of contributions reflects the performance of detector in practice. However, what we have experimentally found is that the ordering of importance might actually be the reverse. First, we show that by increasing the number of components, and switching the initialization step from their aspect-ratio, left-right flipping heuristics to appearance-based clustering, considerable improvement in performance is obtained. But more intriguingly, we show that with these new components, the part deformations can now be completely switched off, yet obtaining results that are almost on par with the original DPM detector. Finally, we also show initial results for using multiple components on a different problem -- scene classification, suggesting that this idea might have wider applications in addition to object detection.



