# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-07-12
### Speedy Object Detection based on Shape
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.3439v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijma.2013.5302
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1307.3439v1)
- **Published**: 2013-07-12 12:37:06+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-07-12 12:37:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Y. Jayanta Singh, Shalu Gupta
- **Comment**: arXiv admin note: text overlap with arXiv:1210.7038 by other authors
- **Journal**: The International Journal of Multimedia & Its Applications (IJMA)
  Vol.5, No.3, June 2013
- **Summary**: This study is a part of design of an audio system for in-house object detection system for visually impaired, low vision personnel by birth or by an accident or due to old age. The input of the system will be scene and output as audio. Alert facility is provided based on severity levels of the objects (snake, broke glass etc) and also during difficulties. The study proposed techniques to provide speedy detection of objects based on shapes and its scale. Features are extraction to have minimum spaces using dynamic scaling. From a scene, clusters of objects are formed based on the scale and shape. Searching is performed among the clusters initially based on the shape, scale, mean cluster value and index of object(s). The minimum operation to detect the possible shape of the object is performed. In case the object does not have a likely matching shape, scale etc, then the several operations required for an object detection will not perform; instead, it will declared as a new object. In such way, this study finds a speedy way of detecting objects.



### Image color transfer to evoke different emotions based on color combinations
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.3581v2
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s11760-014-0691-y
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.GR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1307.3581v2)
- **Published**: 2013-07-12 21:20:49+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-02 05:26:54+00:00
- **Authors**: Li He, Hairong Qi, Russell Zaretzki
- **Comment**: Signal, Image and Video Processing, September 2014
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, a color transfer framework to evoke different emotions for images based on color combinations is proposed. The purpose of this color transfer is to change the "look and feel" of images, i.e., evoking different emotions. Colors are confirmed as the most attractive factor in images. In addition, various studies in both art and science areas have concluded that other than single color, color combinations are necessary to evoke specific emotions. Therefore, we propose a novel framework to transfer color of images based on color combinations, using a predefined color emotion model. The contribution of this new framework is three-fold. First, users do not need to provide reference images as used in traditional color transfer algorithms. In most situations, users may not have enough aesthetic knowledge or path to choose desired reference images. Second, because of the usage of color combinations instead of single color for emotions, a new color transfer algorithm that does not require an image library is proposed. Third, again because of the usage of color combinations, artifacts that are normally seen in traditional frameworks using single color are avoided. We present encouraging results generated from this new framework and its potential in several possible applications including color transfer of photos and paintings.



