# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-07-10
### Selection Mammogram Texture Descriptors Based on Statistics Properties Backpropagation Structure
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.6542v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1307.6542v1)
- **Published**: 2013-07-10 02:42:29+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-07-10 02:42:29+00:00
- **Authors**: Shofwatul 'Uyun, Sri Hartati, Agus Harjoko, Subanar
- **Comment**: 5 pages, International Journal of Computer Science and Information
  Security (IJCSIS) Vol. 11, No. 5, May 2013 Article ID 26041306, arXiv admin
  note: substantial text overlap with arXiv:1306.5960; arXiv:1306.6489
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Computer Aided Diagnosis (CAD) system has been developed for the early detection of breast cancer, one of the most deadly cancer for women. The benign of mammogram has different texture from malignant. There are fifty mammogram images used in this work which are divided for training and testing. Therefore, the selection of the right texture to determine the level of accuracy of CAD system is important. The first and second order statistics are the texture feature extraction methods which can be used on a mammogram. This work classifies texture descriptor into nine groups where the extraction of features is classified using backpropagation learning with two types of multi-layer perceptron (MLP). The best texture descriptor as selected when the value of regression 1 appears in both the MLP-1 and the MLP-2 with the number of epoches less than 1000. The results of testing show that the best selected texture descriptor is the second order (combination) using all direction (0, 45, 90 and 135) that have twenty four descriptors.



### Anisotropic Diffusion for Details Enhancement in Multi-Exposure Image Fusion
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.2818v1
- **DOI**: 10.1155/2013/928971
- **Categories**: **cs.MM**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1307.2818v1)
- **Published**: 2013-07-10 15:07:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-07-10 15:07:26+00:00
- **Authors**: Harbinder Singh, Vinay Kumar, Sunil Bhooshan
- **Comment**: 30 pages
- **Journal**: ISRN Signal Processing, vol. 2013, Article ID 928971, 18 pages,
  2013
- **Summary**: We develop a multiexposure image fusion method based on texture features, which exploits the edge preserving and intraregion smoothing property of nonlinear diffusion filters based on partial differential equations (PDE). With the captured multiexposure image series, we first decompose images into base layers and detail layers to extract sharp details and fine details, respectively. The magnitude of the gradient of the image intensity is utilized to encourage smoothness at homogeneous regions in preference to inhomogeneous regions. Then, we have considered texture features of the base layer to generate a mask (i.e., decision mask) that guides the fusion of base layers in multiresolution fashion. Finally, well-exposed fused image is obtained that combines fused base layer and the detail layers at each scale across all the input exposures. Proposed algorithm skipping complex High Dynamic Range Image (HDRI) generation and tone mapping steps to produce detail preserving image for display on standard dynamic range display devices. Moreover, our technique is effective for blending flash/no-flash image pair and multifocus images, that is, images focused on different targets.



