# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-07-23
### Bayesian Fusion of Multi-Band Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.5996v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.data-an, stat.ME
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1307.5996v2)
- **Published**: 2013-07-23 09:44:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-26 09:34:49+00:00
- **Authors**: Qi Wei, Nicolas Dobigeon, Jean-Yves Tourneret
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, a Bayesian fusion technique for remotely sensed multi-band images is presented. The observed images are related to the high spectral and high spatial resolution image to be recovered through physical degradations, e.g., spatial and spectral blurring and/or subsampling defined by the sensor characteristics. The fusion problem is formulated within a Bayesian estimation framework. An appropriate prior distribution exploiting geometrical consideration is introduced. To compute the Bayesian estimator of the scene of interest from its posterior distribution, a Markov chain Monte Carlo algorithm is designed to generate samples asymptotically distributed according to the target distribution. To efficiently sample from this high-dimension distribution, a Hamiltonian Monte Carlo step is introduced in the Gibbs sampling strategy. The efficiency of the proposed fusion method is evaluated with respect to several state-of-the-art fusion techniques. In particular, low spatial resolution hyperspectral and multispectral images are fused to produce a high spatial resolution hyperspectral image.



### Numerical Methods for Coupled Reconstruction and Registration in Digital Breast Tomosynthesis
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.6008v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1307.6008v1)
- **Published**: 2013-07-23 10:04:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-07-23 10:04:26+00:00
- **Authors**: Guang Yang, John H. Hipwell, David J. Hawkes, Simon R. Arridge
- **Comment**: 29 pages, 22 figures; The Annals of the British Machine Vision
  Association and Society for Pattern Recognition (BMVA) 2013
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Digital Breast Tomosynthesis (DBT) provides an insight into the fine details of normal fibroglandular tissues and abnormal lesions by reconstructing a pseudo-3D image of the breast. In this respect, DBT overcomes a major limitation of conventional X-ray mammography by reducing the confounding effects caused by the superposition of breast tissue. In a breast cancer screening or diagnostic context, a radiologist is interested in detecting change, which might be indicative of malignant disease. To help automate this task image registration is required to establish spatial correspondence between time points. Typically, images, such as MRI or CT, are first reconstructed and then registered. This approach can be effective if reconstructing using a complete set of data. However, for ill-posed, limited-angle problems such as DBT, estimating the deformation is complicated by the significant artefacts associated with the reconstruction, leading to severe inaccuracies in the registration. This paper presents a mathematical framework, which couples the two tasks and jointly estimates both image intensities and the parameters of a transformation.   We evaluate our methods using various computational digital phantoms, uncompressed breast MR images, and in-vivo DBT simulations. Firstly, we compare both iterative and simultaneous methods to the conventional, sequential method using an affine transformation model. We show that jointly estimating image intensities and parametric transformations gives superior results with respect to reconstruction fidelity and registration accuracy. Also, we incorporate a non-rigid B-spline transformation model into our simultaneous method. The results demonstrate a visually plausible recovery of the deformation with preservation of the reconstruction fidelity.



