# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-07-15
### Multiview Hessian Discriminative Sparse Coding for Image Annotation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.3811v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.MM**, cs.CV, cs.IT, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1307.3811v1)
- **Published**: 2013-07-15 03:14:05+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-07-15 03:14:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Weifeng Liu, Dacheng Tao, Jun Cheng, Yuanyan Tang
- **Comment**: 35 pages
- **Journal**: Computer vision and image understanding,118(2014) 50-60
- **Summary**: Sparse coding represents a signal sparsely by using an overcomplete dictionary, and obtains promising performance in practical computer vision applications, especially for signal restoration tasks such as image denoising and image inpainting. In recent years, many discriminative sparse coding algorithms have been developed for classification problems, but they cannot naturally handle visual data represented by multiview features. In addition, existing sparse coding algorithms use graph Laplacian to model the local geometry of the data distribution. It has been identified that Laplacian regularization biases the solution towards a constant function which possibly leads to poor extrapolating power. In this paper, we present multiview Hessian discriminative sparse coding (mHDSC) which seamlessly integrates Hessian regularization with discriminative sparse coding for multiview learning problems. In particular, mHDSC exploits Hessian regularization to steer the solution which varies smoothly along geodesics in the manifold, and treats the label information as an additional view of feature for incorporating the discriminative power for image annotation. We conduct extensive experiments on PASCAL VOC'07 dataset and demonstrate the effectiveness of mHDSC for image annotation.



### Modified SPLICE and its Extension to Non-Stereo Data for Noise Robust Speech Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.4048v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ASRU.2013.6707725
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1307.4048v1)
- **Published**: 2013-07-15 18:39:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-07-15 18:39:10+00:00
- **Authors**: D. S. Pavan Kumar, N. Vishnu Prasad, Vikas Joshi, S. Umesh
- **Comment**: Submitted to Automatic Speech Recognition and Understanding (ASRU)
  2013 Workshop
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, a modification to the training process of the popular SPLICE algorithm has been proposed for noise robust speech recognition. The modification is based on feature correlations, and enables this stereo-based algorithm to improve the performance in all noise conditions, especially in unseen cases. Further, the modified framework is extended to work for non-stereo datasets where clean and noisy training utterances, but not stereo counterparts, are required. Finally, an MLLR-based computationally efficient run-time noise adaptation method in SPLICE framework has been proposed. The modified SPLICE shows 8.6% absolute improvement over SPLICE in Test C of Aurora-2 database, and 2.93% overall. Non-stereo method shows 10.37% and 6.93% absolute improvements over Aurora-2 and Aurora-4 baseline models respectively. Run-time adaptation shows 9.89% absolute improvement in modified framework as compared to SPLICE for Test C, and 4.96% overall w.r.t. standard MLLR adaptation on HMMs.



