# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-07-29
### Integration of 3D Object Recognition and Planning for Robotic Manipulation: A Preliminary Report
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.7466v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.AI**, cs.CV, cs.RO, D.1.6; I.2.10; I.2.8
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1307.7466v1)
- **Published**: 2013-07-29 05:40:49+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-07-29 05:40:49+00:00
- **Authors**: Damien Jade Duff, Esra Erdem, Volkan Patoglu
- **Comment**: Knowledge Representation and Reasoning in Robotics Workshop at ICLP
  2013, Istanbul, Turkey
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We investigate different approaches to integrating object recognition and planning in a tabletop manipulation domain with the set of objects used in the 2012 RoboCup@Work competition. Results of our preliminary experiments show that, with some approaches, close integration of perception and planning improves the quality of plans, as well as the computation times of feasible plans.



### Automatic Mammogram image Breast Region Extraction and Removal of Pectoral Muscle
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.7474v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1307.7474v1)
- **Published**: 2013-07-29 06:42:25+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-07-29 06:42:25+00:00
- **Authors**: R. Subash Chandra Boss, K. Thangavel, D. Arul Pon Daniel
- **Comment**: 8 Pages, 5 Figures
- **Journal**: International Journal of Scientific & Engineering Research, Volume
  4, Issue 5, May-2013 1727
- **Summary**: Currently Mammography is a most effective imaging modality used by radiologists for the screening of breast cancer. Finding an accurate, robust and efficient breast region segmentation technique still remains a challenging problem in digital mammography. Extraction of the breast profile region and the removal of pectoral muscle are essential pre-processing steps in Computer Aided Diagnosis (CAD) system for the diagnosis of breast cancer. Primarily it allows the search for abnormalities to be limited to the region of the breast tissue without undue influence from the background of the mammogram. The presence of pectoral muscle in mammograms biases detection procedures, which recommends removing the pectoral muscle during mammogram image pre-processing. The presence of pectoral muscle in mammograms may disturb or influence the detection of breast cancer as the pectoral muscle and mammographic parenchymas appear similar. The goal of breast region extraction is reducing the image size without losing anatomic information, it improve the accuracy of the overall CAD system. The main objective of this study is to propose an automated method to identify the pectoral muscle in Medio-Lateral Oblique (MLO) view mammograms. In this paper, we proposed histogram based 8-neighborhood connected component labelling method for breast region extraction and removal of pectoral muscle. The proposed method is evaluated by using the mean values of accuracy and error. The comparative analysis shows that the proposed method identifies the breast region more accurately.



### Union of Low-Rank Subspaces Detector
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.7521v6
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1307.7521v6)
- **Published**: 2013-07-29 09:54:51+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-02-16 16:33:14+00:00
- **Authors**: Mohsen Joneidi, Parvin Ahmadi, Mostafa Sadeghi, Nazanin Rahnavard
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The problem of signal detection using a flexible and general model is considered. Due to applicability and flexibility of sparse signal representation and approximation, it has attracted a lot of attention in many signal processing areas. In this paper, we propose a new detection method based on sparse decomposition in a union of subspaces (UoS) model. Our proposed detector uses a dictionary that can be interpreted as a bank of matched subspaces. This improves the performance of signal detection, as it is a generalization for detectors. Low-rank assumption for the desired signals implies that the representations of these signals in terms of some proper bases would be sparse. Our proposed detector exploits sparsity in its decision rule. We demonstrate the high efficiency of our method in the cases of voice activity detection in speech processing.



