# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-06-30
### Pixel-wise Orthogonal Decomposition for Color Illumination Invariant and Shadow-free Image
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.0010v2
- **DOI**: 10.1364/OE.23.002220
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.0010v2)
- **Published**: 2014-06-30 07:55:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-01-29 03:41:52+00:00
- **Authors**: Liangqiong Qu, Jiandong Tian, Zhi Han, Yandong Tang
- **Comment**: This paper has been published in Optics Express, Vol. 23, Issue 3,
  pp. 2220-2239. The final version is available on
  http://dx.doi.org/10.1364/OE.23.002220. Please refer to that version when
  citing this paper
- **Journal**: Optics Express, Vol. 23, Issue 3, pp. 2220-2239 (2015)
- **Summary**: In this paper, we propose a novel, effective and fast method to obtain a color illumination invariant and shadow-free image from a single outdoor image. Different from state-of-the-art methods for shadow-free image that either need shadow detection or statistical learning, we set up a linear equation set for each pixel value vector based on physically-based shadow invariants, deduce a pixel-wise orthogonal decomposition for its solutions, and then get an illumination invariant vector for each pixel value vector on an image. The illumination invariant vector is the unique particular solution of the linear equation set, which is orthogonal to its free solutions. With this illumination invariant vector and Lab color space, we propose an algorithm to generate a shadow-free image which well preserves the texture and color information of the original image. A series of experiments on a diverse set of outdoor images and the comparisons with the state-of-the-art methods validate our method.



### Subjective and Objective Quality Assessment of Image: A Survey
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1406.7799v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.MM**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.7799v1)
- **Published**: 2014-06-30 16:25:00+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-06-30 16:25:00+00:00
- **Authors**: Pedram Mohammadi, Abbas Ebrahimi-Moghadam, Shahram Shirani
- **Comment**: 50 pages, 12 figures, and 3 Tables. This work has been submitted to
  Elsevier Journal of Visual Communication and Image Representation
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: With the increasing demand for image-based applications, the efficient and reliable evaluation of image quality has increased in importance. Measuring the image quality is of fundamental importance for numerous image processing applications, where the goal of image quality assessment (IQA) methods is to automatically evaluate the quality of images in agreement with human quality judgments. Numerous IQA methods have been proposed over the past years to fulfill this goal. In this paper, a survey of the quality assessment methods for conventional image signals, as well as the newly emerged ones, which includes the high dynamic range (HDR) and 3-D images, is presented. A comprehensive explanation of the subjective and objective IQA and their classification is provided. Six widely used subjective quality datasets, and performance measures are reviewed. Emphasis is given to the full-reference image quality assessment (FR-IQA) methods, and 9 often-used quality measures (including mean squared error (MSE), structural similarity index (SSIM), multi-scale structural similarity index (MS-SSIM), visual information fidelity (VIF), most apparent distortion (MAD), feature similarity measure (FSIM), feature similarity measure for color images (FSIMC), dynamic range independent measure (DRIM), and tone-mapped images quality index (TMQI)) are carefully described, and their performance and computation time on four subjective quality datasets are evaluated. Furthermore, a brief introduction to 3-D IQA is provided and the issues related to this area of research are reviewed.



### Adaptive Image Denoising by Targeted Databases
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.5055v3
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2015.2414873
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, stat.ME
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.5055v3)
- **Published**: 2014-06-30 22:39:56+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-03 05:27:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Enming Luo, Stanley H. Chan, Truong Q. Nguyen
- **Comment**: 15 pages, 13 figures, 2 tables, journal
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We propose a data-dependent denoising procedure to restore noisy images. Different from existing denoising algorithms which search for patches from either the noisy image or a generic database, the new algorithm finds patches from a database that contains only relevant patches. We formulate the denoising problem as an optimal filter design problem and make two contributions. First, we determine the basis function of the denoising filter by solving a group sparsity minimization problem. The optimization formulation generalizes existing denoising algorithms and offers systematic analysis of the performance. Improvement methods are proposed to enhance the patch search process. Second, we determine the spectral coefficients of the denoising filter by considering a localized Bayesian prior. The localized prior leverages the similarity of the targeted database, alleviates the intensive Bayesian computation, and links the new method to the classical linear minimum mean squared error estimation. We demonstrate applications of the proposed method in a variety of scenarios, including text images, multiview images and face images. Experimental results show the superiority of the new algorithm over existing methods.



