# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-06-21
### An Open Source Pattern Recognition Toolbox for MATLAB
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1406.5565v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **stat.ML**, cs.CV, cs.LG, cs.MS
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.5565v1)
- **Published**: 2014-06-21 01:50:54+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-06-21 01:50:54+00:00
- **Authors**: Kenneth D. Morton Jr., Peter Torrione, Leslie Collins, Sam Keene
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Pattern recognition and machine learning are becoming integral parts of algorithms in a wide range of applications. Different algorithms and approaches for machine learning include different tradeoffs between performance and computation, so during algorithm development it is often necessary to explore a variety of different approaches to a given task. A toolbox with a unified framework across multiple pattern recognition techniques enables algorithm developers the ability to rapidly evaluate different choices prior to deployment. MATLAB is a widely used environment for algorithm development and prototyping, and although several MATLAB toolboxes for pattern recognition are currently available these are either incomplete, expensive, or restrictively licensed. In this work we describe a MATLAB toolbox for pattern recognition and machine learning known as the PRT (Pattern Recognition Toolbox), licensed under the permissive MIT license. The PRT includes many popular techniques for data preprocessing, supervised learning, clustering, regression and feature selection, as well as a methodology for combining these components using a simple, uniform syntax. The resulting algorithms can be evaluated using cross-validation and a variety of scoring metrics to ensure robust performance when the algorithm is deployed. This paper presents an overview of the PRT as well as an example of usage on Fisher's Iris dataset.



### Interactively Test Driving an Object Detector: Estimating Performance on Unlabeled Data
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1406.5653v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.5653v1)
- **Published**: 2014-06-21 21:37:30+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-06-21 21:37:30+00:00
- **Authors**: Rushil Anirudh, Pavan Turaga
- **Comment**: Published at Winter Conference on Applications of Computer Vision,
  2014
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we study the problem of `test-driving' a detector, i.e. allowing a human user to get a quick sense of how well the detector generalizes to their specific requirement. To this end, we present the first system that estimates detector performance interactively without extensive ground truthing using a human in the loop. We approach this as a problem of estimating proportions and show that it is possible to make accurate inferences on the proportion of classes or groups within a large data collection by observing only $5-10\%$ of samples from the data. In estimating the false detections (for precision), the samples are chosen carefully such that the overall characteristics of the data collection are preserved. Next, inspired by its use in estimating disease propagation we apply pooled testing approaches to estimate missed detections (for recall) from the dataset. The estimates thus obtained are close to the ones obtained using ground truth, thus reducing the need for extensive labeling which is expensive and time consuming.



