# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-06-06
### Small Sample Learning of Superpixel Classifiers for EM Segmentation- Extended Version
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1406.1774v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.1774v2)
- **Published**: 2014-06-06 18:59:58+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-06-13 22:05:57+00:00
- **Authors**: Toufiq Parag, Stephen Plaza, Louis Scheffer
- **Comment**: Accepted for MICCAI 2014
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Pixel and superpixel classifiers have become essential tools for EM segmentation algorithms. Training these classifiers remains a major bottleneck primarily due to the requirement of completely annotating the dataset which is tedious, error-prone and costly. In this paper, we propose an interactive learning scheme for the superpixel classifier for EM segmentation. Our algorithm is "active semi-supervised" because it requests the labels of a small number of examples from user and applies label propagation technique to generate these queries. Using only a small set ($<20\%$) of all datapoints, the proposed algorithm consistently generates a classifier almost as accurate as that estimated from a complete groundtruth. We provide segmentation results on multiple datasets to show the strength of these classifiers.



### A New 2.5D Representation for Lymph Node Detection using Random Sets of Deep Convolutional Neural Network Observations
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1406.2639v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/978-3-319-10404-1_65
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, cs.NE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.2639v1)
- **Published**: 2014-06-06 22:43:42+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-06-06 22:43:42+00:00
- **Authors**: Holger R. Roth, Le Lu, Ari Seff, Kevin M. Cherry, Joanne Hoffman, Shijun Wang, Jiamin Liu, Evrim Turkbey, Ronald M. Summers
- **Comment**: This article will be presented at MICCAI (Medical Image Computing and
  Computer-Assisted Interventions) 2014
- **Journal**: Medical Image Computing and Computer-Assisted Intervention -
  MICCAI 2014 Volume 8673 of the series Lecture Notes in Computer Science pp
  520-527
- **Summary**: Automated Lymph Node (LN) detection is an important clinical diagnostic task but very challenging due to the low contrast of surrounding structures in Computed Tomography (CT) and to their varying sizes, poses, shapes and sparsely distributed locations. State-of-the-art studies show the performance range of 52.9% sensitivity at 3.1 false-positives per volume (FP/vol.), or 60.9% at 6.1 FP/vol. for mediastinal LN, by one-shot boosting on 3D HAAR features. In this paper, we first operate a preliminary candidate generation stage, towards 100% sensitivity at the cost of high FP levels (40 per patient), to harvest volumes of interest (VOI). Our 2.5D approach consequently decomposes any 3D VOI by resampling 2D reformatted orthogonal views N times, via scale, random translations, and rotations with respect to the VOI centroid coordinates. These random views are then used to train a deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) classifier. In testing, the CNN is employed to assign LN probabilities for all N random views that can be simply averaged (as a set) to compute the final classification probability per VOI. We validate the approach on two datasets: 90 CT volumes with 388 mediastinal LNs and 86 patients with 595 abdominal LNs. We achieve sensitivities of 70%/83% at 3 FP/vol. and 84%/90% at 6 FP/vol. in mediastinum and abdomen respectively, which drastically improves over the previous state-of-the-art work.



