# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-06-29
### PAINTER: a spatio-spectral image reconstruction algorithm for optical interferometry
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.1885v2
- **DOI**: 10.1364/JOSAA.31.002334
- **Categories**: **astro-ph.IM**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1407.1885v2)
- **Published**: 2014-06-29 13:34:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-09-27 18:01:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Antony Schutz, André Ferrari, David Mary, Férréol Soulez, Éric Thiébaut, Martin Vannier
- **Comment**: 12 pages, 10 figures,
  http://www.opticsinfobase.org/submit/review/copyright_permissions.cfm
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Astronomical optical interferometers sample the Fourier transform of the intensity distribution of a source at the observation wavelength. Because of rapid perturbations caused by atmospheric turbulence, the phases of the complex Fourier samples (visibilities) cannot be directly exploited. Consequently, specific image reconstruction methods have been devised in the last few decades. Modern polychromatic optical interferometric instruments are now paving the way to multiwavelength imaging. This paper is devoted to the derivation of a spatio-spectral (3D) image reconstruction algorithm, coined PAINTER (Polychromatic opticAl INTErferometric Reconstruction software). The algorithm relies on an iterative process, which alternates estimation of polychromatic images and of complex visibilities. The complex visibilities are not only estimated from squared moduli and closure phases, but also differential phases, which helps to better constrain the polychromatic reconstruction. Simulations on synthetic data illustrate the efficiency of the algorithm and in particular the relevance of injecting a differential phases model in the reconstruction.



### Fusion Based Holistic Road Scene Understanding
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1406.7525v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.7525v1)
- **Published**: 2014-06-29 17:11:25+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-06-29 17:11:25+00:00
- **Authors**: Wenqi Huang, Xiaojin Gong
- **Comment**: 14 pages,11 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper addresses the problem of holistic road scene understanding based on the integration of visual and range data. To achieve the grand goal, we propose an approach that jointly tackles object-level image segmentation and semantic region labeling within a conditional random field (CRF) framework. Specifically, we first generate semantic object hypotheses by clustering 3D points, learning their prior appearance models, and using a deep learning method for reasoning their semantic categories. The learned priors, together with spatial and geometric contexts, are incorporated in CRF. With this formulation, visual and range data are fused thoroughly, and moreover, the coupled segmentation and semantic labeling problem can be inferred via Graph Cuts. Our approach is validated on the challenging KITTI dataset that contains diverse complicated road scenarios. Both quantitative and qualitative evaluations demonstrate its effectiveness.



