# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-09-29
### ABHIVYAKTI: A Vision Based Intelligent System for Elder and Sick Persons
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.6442v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1109.6442v2)
- **Published**: 2011-09-29 08:59:29+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-10-21 08:32:23+00:00
- **Authors**: Ankit Chaudhary, Jagdish L. Raheja
- **Comment**: Proceedings of 3rd IEEE International Conference on Machine Vision,
  Hong Kong, ICMV 2010
  (http://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/conferencedetails/index.html?Conf_ID=18047),
  28-30 Dec, 2010, pp. 361-364
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper describes an intelligent system ABHIVYAKTI, which would be pervasive in nature and based on the Computer Vision. It would be very easy in use and deployment. Elder and sick people who are not able to talk or walk, they are dependent on other human beings and need continuous monitoring, while our system provides flexibility to the sick or elder person to announce his or her need to their caretaker by just showing a particular gesture with the developed system, if the caretaker is not nearby. This system will use fingertip detection techniques for acquiring gesture and Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) will be used for gesture recognition.



### The Statistical Inefficiency of Sparse Coding for Images (or, One Gabor to Rule them All)
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.6638v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1109.6638v2)
- **Published**: 2011-09-29 19:47:00+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-09-30 15:27:25+00:00
- **Authors**: James Bergstra, Aaron Courville, Yoshua Bengio
- **Comment**: 9 pages, 8 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Sparse coding is a proven principle for learning compact representations of images. However, sparse coding by itself often leads to very redundant dictionaries. With images, this often takes the form of similar edge detectors which are replicated many times at various positions, scales and orientations. An immediate consequence of this observation is that the estimation of the dictionary components is not statistically efficient. We propose a factored model in which factors of variation (e.g. position, scale and orientation) are untangled from the underlying Gabor-like filters. There is so much redundancy in sparse codes for natural images that our model requires only a single dictionary element (a Gabor-like edge detector) to outperform standard sparse coding. Our model scales naturally to arbitrary-sized images while achieving much greater statistical efficiency during learning. We validate this claim with a number of experiments showing, in part, superior compression of out-of-sample data using a sparse coding dictionary learned with only a single image.



