# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-09-01
### An Efficient Codebook Initialization Approach for LBG Algorithm
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.0090v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijcsea.2011.1407
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1109.0090v1)
- **Published**: 2011-09-01 04:47:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-09-01 04:47:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Arup Kumar Pal, Anup Sar
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In VQ based image compression technique has three major steps namely (i) Codebook Design, (ii) VQ Encoding Process and (iii) VQ Decoding Process. The performance of VQ based image compression technique depends upon the constructed codebook. A widely used technique for VQ codebook design is the Linde-Buzo-Gray (LBG) algorithm. However the performance of the standard LBG algorithm is highly dependent on the choice of the initial codebook. In this paper, we have proposed a simple and very effective approach for codebook initialization for LBG algorithm. The simulation results show that the proposed scheme is computationally efficient and gives expected performance as compared to the standard LBG algorithm.



### Automatic Application Level Set Approach in Detection Calcifications in Mammographic Image
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.0138v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1109.0138v1)
- **Published**: 2011-09-01 09:51:42+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-09-01 09:51:42+00:00
- **Authors**: Atef Boujelben, Hedi Tmar, Jameleddine Mnif, Mohamed Abid
- **Comment**: 14 pages, 9 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Breast cancer is considered as one of a major health problem that constitutes the strongest cause behind mortality among women in the world. So, in this decade, breast cancer is the second most common type of cancer, in term of appearance frequency, and the fifth most common cause of cancer related death. In order to reduce the workload on radiologists, a variety of CAD systems; Computer-Aided Diagnosis (CADi) and Computer-Aided Detection (CADe) have been proposed. In this paper, we interested on CADe tool to help radiologist to detect cancer. The proposed CADe is based on a three-step work flow; namely, detection, analysis and classification. This paper deals with the problem of automatic detection of Region Of Interest (ROI) based on Level Set approach depended on edge and region criteria. This approach gives good visual information from the radiologist. After that, the features extraction using textures characteristics and the vector classification using Multilayer Perception (MLP) and k-Nearest Neighbours (KNN) are adopted to distinguish different ACR (American College of Radiology) classification. Moreover, we use the Digital Database for Screening Mammography (DDSM) for experiments and these results in term of accuracy varied between 60 % and 70% are acceptable and must be ameliorated to aid radiologist.



