# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-09-25
### Squiggle - A Glyph Recognizer for Gesture Input
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.5323v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.HC**, cs.CV, H.5.2; I.4.7; I.5.5; G.1.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1109.5323v1)
- **Published**: 2011-09-25 04:41:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-09-25 04:41:35+00:00
- **Authors**: Jeremy Lee
- **Comment**: 10 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Squiggle is a template-based glyph recognizer in the lineage of `$1 Recognizer' and `Protractor'. It seeks a good fit linear affine mapping between the input and template glyphs which are represented as a list of milestone points along the glyph path. The algorithm can recognize input glyphs invariant of rotation, scaling, skew, and reflection symmetries. In practice the algorithm is fast and robust enough to recognize user-generated glyphs as they are being drawn in real time, and to project `shadows' of the matching templates as feedback.



### Higher-Order Markov Tag-Topic Models for Tagged Documents and Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.5370v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI, cs.IR, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1109.5370v1)
- **Published**: 2011-09-25 16:58:06+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-09-25 16:58:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Jia Zeng, Wei Feng, William K. Cheung, Chun-Hung Li
- **Comment**: 13 pages, 9 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper studies the topic modeling problem of tagged documents and images. Higher-order relations among tagged documents and images are major and ubiquitous characteristics, and play positive roles in extracting reliable and interpretable topics. In this paper, we propose the tag-topic models (TTM) to depict such higher-order topic structural dependencies within the Markov random field (MRF) framework. First, we use the novel factor graph representation of latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA)-based topic models from the MRF perspective, and present an efficient loopy belief propagation (BP) algorithm for approximate inference and parameter estimation. Second, we propose the factor hypergraph representation of TTM, and focus on both pairwise and higher-order relation modeling among tagged documents and images. Efficient loopy BP algorithm is developed to learn TTM, which encourages the topic labeling smoothness among tagged documents and images. Extensive experimental results confirm the incorporation of higher-order relations to be effective in enhancing the overall topic modeling performance, when compared with current state-of-the-art topic models, in many text and image mining tasks of broad interests such as word and link prediction, document classification, and tag recommendation.



