# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-09-05
### ShareBoost: Efficient Multiclass Learning with Feature Sharing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.0820v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.AI, cs.CV, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1109.0820v1)
- **Published**: 2011-09-05 07:52:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-09-05 07:52:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Shai Shalev-Shwartz, Yonatan Wexler, Amnon Shashua
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Multiclass prediction is the problem of classifying an object into a relevant target class. We consider the problem of learning a multiclass predictor that uses only few features, and in particular, the number of used features should increase sub-linearly with the number of possible classes. This implies that features should be shared by several classes. We describe and analyze the ShareBoost algorithm for learning a multiclass predictor that uses few shared features. We prove that ShareBoost efficiently finds a predictor that uses few shared features (if such a predictor exists) and that it has a small generalization error. We also describe how to use ShareBoost for learning a non-linear predictor that has a fast evaluation time. In a series of experiments with natural data sets we demonstrate the benefits of ShareBoost and evaluate its success relatively to other state-of-the-art approaches.



### Moving Object Detection by Detecting Contiguous Outliers in the Low-Rank Representation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.0882v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1109.0882v2)
- **Published**: 2011-09-05 13:08:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-06-23 00:07:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Xiaowei Zhou, Can Yang, Weichuan Yu
- **Comment**: 30 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Object detection is a fundamental step for automated video analysis in many vision applications. Object detection in a video is usually performed by object detectors or background subtraction techniques. Often, an object detector requires manually labeled examples to train a binary classifier, while background subtraction needs a training sequence that contains no objects to build a background model. To automate the analysis, object detection without a separate training phase becomes a critical task. People have tried to tackle this task by using motion information. But existing motion-based methods are usually limited when coping with complex scenarios such as nonrigid motion and dynamic background. In this paper, we show that above challenges can be addressed in a unified framework named DEtecting Contiguous Outliers in the LOw-rank Representation (DECOLOR). This formulation integrates object detection and background learning into a single process of optimization, which can be solved by an alternating algorithm efficiently. We explain the relations between DECOLOR and other sparsity-based methods. Experiments on both simulated data and real sequences demonstrate that DECOLOR outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches and it can work effectively on a wide range of complex scenarios.



