# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-12-14
### Classifiers With a Reject Option for Early Time-Series Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1312.3989v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1312.3989v1)
- **Published**: 2013-12-14 00:28:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-14 00:28:32+00:00
- **Authors**: Nima Hatami, Camelia Chira
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Computational Intelligence and Ensemble Learning (CIEL), IEEE
  Symposium on, 9-16, 2013
- **Summary**: Early classification of time-series data in a dynamic environment is a challenging problem of great importance in signal processing. This paper proposes a classifier architecture with a reject option capable of online decision making without the need to wait for the entire time series signal to be present. The main idea is to classify an odor/gas signal with an acceptable accuracy as early as possible. Instead of using posterior probability of a classifier, the proposed method uses the "agreement" of an ensemble to decide whether to accept or reject the candidate label. The introduced algorithm is applied to the bio-chemistry problem of odor classification to build a novel Electronic-Nose called Forefront-Nose. Experimental results on wind tunnel test-bed facility confirms the robustness of the forefront-nose compared to the standard classifiers from both earliness and recognition perspectives.



### ECOC-Based Training of Neural Networks for Face Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1312.3990v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICCIS.2008.4670763
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1312.3990v1)
- **Published**: 2013-12-14 00:29:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-14 00:29:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Nima Hatami, Reza Ebrahimpour, Reza Ghaderi
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Cybernetics and Intelligent Systems, IEEE Conference on, 450-454,
  2008
- **Summary**: Error Correcting Output Codes, ECOC, is an output representation method capable of discovering some of the errors produced in classification tasks. This paper describes the application of ECOC to the training of feed forward neural networks, FFNN, for improving the overall accuracy of classification systems. Indeed, to improve the generalization of FFNN classifiers, this paper proposes an ECOC-Based training method for Neural Networks that use ECOC as the output representation, and adopts the traditional Back-Propagation algorithm, BP, to adjust weights of the network. Experimental results for face recognition problem on Yale database demonstrate the effectiveness of our method. With a rejection scheme defined by a simple robustness rate, high reliability is achieved in this application.



### Clustering using Vector Membership: An Extension of the Fuzzy C-Means Algorithm
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1312.4074v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICoAC.2013.6921922
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1312.4074v1)
- **Published**: 2013-12-14 18:11:33+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-14 18:11:33+00:00
- **Authors**: Srinjoy Ganguly, Digbalay Bose, Amit Konar
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 8 figures and 1 table (Conference Paper)
- **Journal**: Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Advanced
  Computing (ICoAC)-2013, pp.XX-XX,Chennai, India, 18 - 20 December (2013)
- **Summary**: Clustering is an important facet of explorative data mining and finds extensive use in several fields. In this paper, we propose an extension of the classical Fuzzy C-Means clustering algorithm. The proposed algorithm, abbreviated as VFC, adopts a multi-dimensional membership vector for each data point instead of the traditional, scalar membership value defined in the original algorithm. The membership vector for each point is obtained by considering each feature of that point separately and obtaining individual membership values for the same. We also propose an algorithm to efficiently allocate the initial cluster centers close to the actual centers, so as to facilitate rapid convergence. Further, we propose a scheme to achieve crisp clustering using the VFC algorithm. The proposed, novel clustering scheme has been tested on two standard data sets in order to analyze its performance. We also examine the efficacy of the proposed scheme by analyzing its performance on image segmentation examples and comparing it with the classical Fuzzy C-means clustering algorithm.



