# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-12-06
### Dual coordinate solvers for large-scale structural SVMs
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1312.1743v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1312.1743v2)
- **Published**: 2013-12-06 00:55:51+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-06-13 04:10:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Deva Ramanan
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This manuscript describes a method for training linear SVMs (including binary SVMs, SVM regression, and structural SVMs) from large, out-of-core training datasets. Current strategies for large-scale learning fall into one of two camps; batch algorithms which solve the learning problem given a finite datasets, and online algorithms which can process out-of-core datasets. The former typically requires datasets small enough to fit in memory. The latter is often phrased as a stochastic optimization problem; such algorithms enjoy strong theoretical properties but often require manual tuned annealing schedules, and may converge slowly for problems with large output spaces (e.g., structural SVMs). We discuss an algorithm for an "intermediate" regime in which the data is too large to fit in memory, but the active constraints (support vectors) are small enough to remain in memory. In this case, one can design rather efficient learning algorithms that are as stable as batch algorithms, but capable of processing out-of-core datasets. We have developed such a MATLAB-based solver and used it to train a collection of recognition systems for articulated pose estimation, facial analysis, 3D object recognition, and action classification, all with publicly-available code. This writeup describes the solver in detail.



### Multi-frame denoising of high speed optical coherence tomography data using inter-frame and intra-frame priors
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1312.1931v2
- **DOI**: 10.1117/1.JBO.20.3.036006
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1312.1931v2)
- **Published**: 2013-12-06 17:17:00+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-29 11:18:40+00:00
- **Authors**: Liheng Bian, Jinli Suo, Feng Chen, Qionghai Dai
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is an important interferometric diagnostic technique which provides cross-sectional views of the subsurface microstructure of biological tissues. However, the imaging quality of high-speed OCT is limited due to the large speckle noise. To address this problem, this paper proposes a multi-frame algorithmic method to denoise OCT volume. Mathematically, we build an optimization model which forces the temporally registered frames to be low rank, and the gradient in each frame to be sparse, under logarithmic image formation and noise variance constraints. Besides, a convex optimization algorithm based on the augmented Lagrangian method is derived to solve the above model. The results reveal that our approach outperforms the other methods in terms of both speckle noise suppression and crucial detail preservation.



