# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-12-23
### Top Down Approach to Multiple Plane Detection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1312.6506v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1312.6506v2)
- **Published**: 2013-12-23 10:09:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-26 04:35:01+00:00
- **Authors**: Prateek Singhal, Aditya Deshpande, N Dinesh Reddy, K Madhava Krishna
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 22 figures, ICPR conference
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Detecting multiple planes in images is a challenging problem, but one with many applications. Recent work such as J-Linkage and Ordered Residual Kernels have focussed on developing a domain independent approach to detect multiple structures. These multiple structure detection methods are then used for estimating multiple homographies given feature matches between two images. Features participating in the multiple homographies detected, provide us the multiple scene planes. We show that these methods provide locally optimal results and fail to merge detected planar patches to the true scene planes. These methods use only residues obtained on applying homography of one plane to another as cue for merging. In this paper, we develop additional cues such as local consistency of planes, local normals, texture etc. to perform better classification and merging . We formulate the classification as an MRF problem and use TRWS message passing algorithm to solve non metric energy terms and complex sparse graph structure. We show results on challenging dataset common in robotics navigation scenarios where our method shows accuracy of more than 85 percent on average while being close or same as the actual number of scene planes.



### Image Processing based Systems and Techniques for the Recognition of Ancient and Modern Coins
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1312.6599v1
- **DOI**: 10.5120/7221-0041
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1312.6599v1)
- **Published**: 2013-12-23 17:00:02+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-23 17:00:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Shatrughan Modi, Dr. Seema Bawa
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 1 table, Published with International Journal of Computer
  Applications (IJCA)
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Applications 47(10):1-5, June
  2012
- **Summary**: Coins are frequently used in everyday life at various places like in banks, grocery stores, supermarkets, automated weighing machines, vending machines etc. So, there is a basic need to automate the counting and sorting of coins. For this machines need to recognize the coins very fast and accurately, as further transaction processing depends on this recognition. Three types of systems are available in the market: Mechanical method based systems, Electromagnetic method based systems and Image processing based systems. This paper presents an overview of available systems and techniques based on image processing to recognize ancient and modern coins.



### Automated Coin Recognition System using ANN
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1312.6615v1
- **DOI**: 10.5120/3093-4244
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1312.6615v1)
- **Published**: 2013-12-23 17:40:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-23 17:40:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Shatrughan Modi, Dr. Seema Bawa
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 11 figures, 1 table, Published with International Journal of
  Computer Applications (IJCA)
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Applications 26(4):13-18, July
  2011
- **Summary**: Coins are integral part of our day to day life. We use coins everywhere like grocery store, banks, buses, trains etc. So it becomes a basic need that coins can be sorted and counted automatically. For this it is necessary that coins can be recognized automatically. In this paper we have developed an ANN (Artificial Neural Network) based Automated Coin Recognition System for the recognition of Indian Coins of denomination Rs. 1, 2, 5 and 10 with rotation invariance. We have taken images from both sides of coin. So this system is capable of recognizing coins from both sides. Features are extracted from images using techniques of Hough Transformation, Pattern Averaging etc. Then, the extracted features are passed as input to a trained Neural Network. 97.74% recognition rate has been achieved during the experiments i.e. only 2.26% miss recognition, which is quite encouraging.



