# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-12-31
### A Novel Approach For Generating Face Template Using Bda
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.0092v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.0092v1)
- **Published**: 2013-12-31 04:48:43+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-31 04:48:43+00:00
- **Authors**: Shraddha S. Shinde, Prof. Anagha P. Khedkar
- **Comment**: 11 pages, ITCSE 2013 conference
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In identity management system, commonly used biometric recognition system needs attention towards issue of biometric template protection as far as more reliable solution is concerned. In view of this biometric template protection algorithm should satisfy security, discriminability and cancelability. As no single template protection method is capable of satisfying the basic requirements, a novel technique for face template generation and protection is proposed. The novel approach is proposed to provide security and accuracy in new user enrollment as well as authentication process. This novel technique takes advantage of both the hybrid approach and the binary discriminant analysis algorithm. This algorithm is designed on the basis of random projection, binary discriminant analysis and fuzzy commitment scheme. Three publicly available benchmark face databases are used for evaluation. The proposed novel technique enhances the discriminability and recognition accuracy by 80% in terms of matching score of the face images and provides high security.



### System Analysis And Design For Multimedia Retrieval Systems
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.0131v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IR**, cs.CV, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.0131v1)
- **Published**: 2013-12-31 11:17:42+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-31 11:17:42+00:00
- **Authors**: Avinash N Bhute, B B Meshram
- **Comment**: 20 pages, 12 Figures. arXiv admin note: substantial text overlap with
  arXiv:1211.4683
- **Journal**: The International Journal of Multimedia & Its Applications (IJMA)
  Vol.5, No.6, December 2013
- **Summary**: Due to the extensive use of information technology and the recent developments in multimedia systems, the amount of multimedia data available to users has increased exponentially. Video is an example of multimedia data as it contains several kinds of data such as text, image, meta-data, visual and audio. Content based video retrieval is an approach for facilitating the searching and browsing of large multimedia collections over WWW. In order to create an effective video retrieval system, visual perception must be taken into account. We conjectured that a technique which employs multiple features for indexing and retrieval would be more effective in the discrimination and search tasks of videos. In order to validate this, content based indexing and retrieval systems were implemented using color histogram, Texture feature (GLCM), edge density and motion..



### Medical Image Fusion: A survey of the state of the art
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.0166v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.inffus.2013.12.002
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.0166v1)
- **Published**: 2013-12-31 16:03:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-31 16:03:17+00:00
- **Authors**: A. P. James, B. V. Dasarathy
- **Comment**: Information Fusion, 2014
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Medical image fusion is the process of registering and combining multiple images from single or multiple imaging modalities to improve the imaging quality and reduce randomness and redundancy in order to increase the clinical applicability of medical images for diagnosis and assessment of medical problems. Multi-modal medical image fusion algorithms and devices have shown notable achievements in improving clinical accuracy of decisions based on medical images. This review article provides a factual listing of methods and summarizes the broad scientific challenges faced in the field of medical image fusion. We characterize the medical image fusion research based on (1) the widely used image fusion methods, (2) imaging modalities, and (3) imaging of organs that are under study. This review concludes that even though there exists several open ended technological and scientific challenges, the fusion of medical images has proved to be useful for advancing the clinical reliability of using medical imaging for medical diagnostics and analysis, and is a scientific discipline that has the potential to significantly grow in the coming years.



