# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-12-26
### Finding More Relevance: Propagating Similarity on Markov Random Field for Image Retrieval
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1312.7085v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1312.7085v1)
- **Published**: 2013-12-26 10:55:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-26 10:55:14+00:00
- **Authors**: Peng Lu, Xujun Peng, Xinshan Zhu, Xiaojie Wang
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: To effectively retrieve objects from large corpus with high accuracy is a challenge task. In this paper, we propose a method that propagates visual feature level similarities on a Markov random field (MRF) to obtain a high level correspondence in image space for image pairs. The proposed correspondence between image pair reflects not only the similarity of low-level visual features but also the relations built through other images in the database and it can be easily integrated into the existing bag-of-visual-words(BoW) based systems to reduce the missing rate. We evaluate our method on the standard Oxford-5K, Oxford-105K and Paris-6K dataset. The experiment results show that the proposed method significantly improves the retrieval accuracy on three datasets and exceeds the current state-of-the-art retrieval performance.



### Lesion Border Detection in Dermoscopy Images Using Ensembles of Thresholding Methods
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1312.7345v1
- **DOI**: 10.1111/j.1600-0846.2012.00636.x
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.6
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1312.7345v1)
- **Published**: 2013-12-26 14:55:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-26 14:55:19+00:00
- **Authors**: M. Emre Celebi, Quan Wen, Sae Hwang, Hitoshi Iyatomi, Gerald Schaefer
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 3 figures, 2 tables. arXiv admin note: substantial text
  overlap with arXiv:1009.1362
- **Journal**: Skin Research and Technology 19 (2013) e252--e258
- **Summary**: Dermoscopy is one of the major imaging modalities used in the diagnosis of melanoma and other pigmented skin lesions. Due to the difficulty and subjectivity of human interpretation, automated analysis of dermoscopy images has become an important research area. Border detection is often the first step in this analysis. In many cases, the lesion can be roughly separated from the background skin using a thresholding method applied to the blue channel. However, no single thresholding method appears to be robust enough to successfully handle the wide variety of dermoscopy images encountered in clinical practice. In this paper, we present an automated method for detecting lesion borders in dermoscopy images using ensembles of thresholding methods. Experiments on a difficult set of 90 images demonstrate that the proposed method is robust, fast, and accurate when compared to nine state-of-the-art methods.



