# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-01-29
### Robust Face Recognition via Block Sparse Bayesian Learning
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1301.6847v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1301.6847v2)
- **Published**: 2013-01-29 07:23:00+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-09-18 00:19:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Taiyong Li, Zhilin Zhang
- **Comment**: Accepted by Mathematical Problems in Engineering in 2013
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Face recognition (FR) is an important task in pattern recognition and computer vision. Sparse representation (SR) has been demonstrated to be a powerful framework for FR. In general, an SR algorithm treats each face in a training dataset as a basis function, and tries to find a sparse representation of a test face under these basis functions. The sparse representation coefficients then provide a recognition hint. Early SR algorithms are based on a basic sparse model. Recently, it has been found that algorithms based on a block sparse model can achieve better recognition rates. Based on this model, in this study we use block sparse Bayesian learning (BSBL) to find a sparse representation of a test face for recognition. BSBL is a recently proposed framework, which has many advantages over existing block-sparse-model based algorithms. Experimental results on the Extended Yale B, the AR and the CMU PIE face databases show that using BSBL can achieve better recognition rates and higher robustness than state-of-the-art algorithms in most cases.



### PyXNAT: XNAT in Python
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1301.6952v1
- **DOI**: 10.3389/fninf.2012.00012
- **Categories**: **cs.DB**, cs.CV, q-bio.QM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1301.6952v1)
- **Published**: 2013-01-29 15:42:18+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-01-29 15:42:18+00:00
- **Authors**: Yannick Schwartz, Alexis Barbot, Benjamin Thyreau, Vincent Frouin, Gaël Varoquaux, Aditya Siram, Daniel Marcus, Jean-Baptiste Poline
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Frontiers in Neuroinformatics 6, 12 (2012) 1-14
- **Summary**: As neuroimaging databases grow in size and complexity, the time researchers spend investigating and managing the data increases to the expense of data analysis. As a result, investigators rely more and more heavily on scripting using high-level languages to automate data management and processing tasks. For this, a structured and programmatic access to the data store is necessary. Web services are a first step toward this goal. They however lack in functionality and ease of use because they provide only low level interfaces to databases. We introduce here PyXNAT, a Python module that interacts with The Extensible Neuroimaging Archive Toolkit (XNAT) through native Python calls across multiple operating systems. The choice of Python enables PyXNAT to expose the XNAT Web Services and unify their features with a higher level and more expressive language. PyXNAT provides XNAT users direct access to all the scientific packages in Python. Finally PyXNAT aims to be efficient and easy to use, both as a backend library to build XNAT clients and as an alternative frontend from the command line.



