# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-01-09
### Image Registration for Stability Testing of MEMS
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1301.1897v1
- **DOI**: 10.1117/12.872076
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, astro-ph.IM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1301.1897v1)
- **Published**: 2013-01-09 15:49:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-01-09 15:49:26+00:00
- **Authors**: Nargess Memarsadeghi, Jacqueline Le Moigne, Peter N. Blake, Peter A. Morey, Wayne B. Landsman, Victor J. Chambers, Samuel H. Moseley
- **Comment**: Proceedings of 2011 IS&T/SPIE Electronic Imaging, Computational
  Imaging IX Conference, San Francisco, CA, January 2011, Vol. 7873, 78730G-1:7
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Image registration, or alignment of two or more images covering the same scenes or objects, is of great interest in many disciplines such as remote sensing, medical imaging, astronomy, and computer vision. In this paper, we introduce a new application of image registration algorithms. We demonstrate how through a wavelet based image registration algorithm, engineers can evaluate stability of Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems (MEMS). In particular, we applied image registration algorithms to assess alignment stability of the MicroShutters Subsystem (MSS) of the Near Infrared Spectrograph (NIRSpec) instrument of the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST). This work introduces a new methodology for evaluating stability of MEMS devices to engineers as well as a new application of image registration algorithms to computer scientists.



### Moon Search Algorithms for NASA's Dawn Mission to Asteroid Vesta
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1301.1907v1
- **DOI**: 10.1117/12.915564
- **Categories**: **astro-ph.IM**, astro-ph.EP, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1301.1907v1)
- **Published**: 2013-01-09 16:15:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-01-09 16:15:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Nargess Memarsadeghi, Lucy A. McFadden, David Skillman, Brian McLean, Max Mutchler, Uri Carsenty, Eric E. Palmer, the Dawn Mission's Satellite Working Group
- **Comment**: Proceedings of the 2012 IS&T/SPIE Electronic Imaging, Computational
  Imaging X Conference, San Francisco, CA, January 2012, Vol. 8296, pages
  82960H-1:12
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A moon or natural satellite is a celestial body that orbits a planetary body such as a planet, dwarf planet, or an asteroid. Scientists seek understanding the origin and evolution of our solar system by studying moons of these bodies. Additionally, searches for satellites of planetary bodies can be important to protect the safety of a spacecraft as it approaches or orbits a planetary body. If a satellite of a celestial body is found, the mass of that body can also be calculated once its orbit is determined. Ensuring the Dawn spacecraft's safety on its mission to the asteroid (4) Vesta primarily motivated the work of Dawn's Satellite Working Group (SWG) in summer of 2011. Dawn mission scientists and engineers utilized various computational tools and techniques for Vesta's satellite search. The objectives of this paper are to 1) introduce the natural satellite search problem, 2) present the computational challenges, approaches, and tools used when addressing this problem, and 3) describe applications of various image processing and computational algorithms for performing satellite searches to the electronic imaging and computer science community. Furthermore, we hope that this communication would enable Dawn mission scientists to improve their satellite search algorithms and tools and be better prepared for performing the same investigation in 2015, when the spacecraft is scheduled to approach and orbit the dwarf planet (1) Ceres.



