# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-01-22
### Heteroscedastic Conditional Ordinal Random Fields for Pain Intensity Estimation from Facial Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1301.5063v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1301.5063v2)
- **Published**: 2013-01-22 03:40:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-03 18:43:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Ognjen Rudovic, Maja Pantic, Vladimir Pavlovic
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the authors due to a crucial sign
  error in equation 2&3
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We propose a novel method for automatic pain intensity estimation from facial images based on the framework of kernel Conditional Ordinal Random Fields (KCORF). We extend this framework to account for heteroscedasticity on the output labels(i.e., pain intensity scores) and introduce a novel dynamic features, dynamic ranks, that impose temporal ordinal constraints on the static ranks (i.e., intensity scores). Our experimental results show that the proposed approach outperforms state-of-the art methods for sequence classification with ordinal data and other ordinal regression models. The approach performs significantly better than other models in terms of Intra-Class Correlation measure, which is the most accepted evaluation measure in the tasks of facial behaviour intensity estimation.



### Efficient MRF Energy Propagation for Video Segmentation via Bilateral Filters
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1301.5356v3
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TMM.2014.2314069
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1301.5356v3)
- **Published**: 2013-01-22 22:26:33+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-10-27 03:29:00+00:00
- **Authors**: Ozan Sener, Kemal Ugur, A. Aydin Alatan
- **Comment**: Multimedia, IEEE Transactions on (Volume:16, Issue: 5, Aug. 2014)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Segmentation of an object from a video is a challenging task in multimedia applications. Depending on the application, automatic or interactive methods are desired; however, regardless of the application type, efficient computation of video object segmentation is crucial for time-critical applications; specifically, mobile and interactive applications require near real-time efficiencies. In this paper, we address the problem of video segmentation from the perspective of efficiency. We initially redefine the problem of video object segmentation as the propagation of MRF energies along the temporal domain. For this purpose, a novel and efficient method is proposed to propagate MRF energies throughout the frames via bilateral filters without using any global texture, color or shape model. Recently presented bi-exponential filter is utilized for efficiency, whereas a novel technique is also developed to dynamically solve graph-cuts for varying, non-lattice graphs in general linear filtering scenario. These improvements are experimented for both automatic and interactive video segmentation scenarios. Moreover, in addition to the efficiency, segmentation quality is also tested both quantitatively and qualitatively. Indeed, for some challenging examples, significant time efficiency is observed without loss of segmentation quality.



