# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-01-03
### A Self-Organizing Neural Scheme for Door Detection in Different Environments
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1301.0432v1
- **DOI**: 10.5120/9719-3679
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1301.0432v1)
- **Published**: 2013-01-03 12:04:28+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-01-03 12:04:28+00:00
- **Authors**: F. Mahmood, F. Kunwar
- **Comment**: Page No 13-18, 7 figures, Published with International Journal of
  Computer Applications (IJCA)
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Applications 60(9):13-18, 2012
- **Summary**: Doors are important landmarks for indoor mobile robot navigation and also assist blind people to independently access unfamiliar buildings. Most existing algorithms of door detection are limited to work for familiar environments because of restricted assumptions about color, texture and shape. In this paper we propose a novel approach which employs feature based classification and uses the Kohonen Self-Organizing Map (SOM) for the purpose of door detection. Generic and stable features are used for the training of SOM that increase the performance significantly: concavity, bottom-edge intensity profile and door edges. To validate the robustness and generalizability of our method, we collected a large dataset of real world door images from a variety of environments and different lighting conditions. The algorithm achieves more than 95% detection which demonstrates that our door detection method is generic and robust with variations of color, texture, occlusions, lighting condition, scales, and viewpoints.



### Investigating the performance of Correspondence Algorithms in Vision based Driver-assistance in Indoor Environment
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1301.0435v1
- **DOI**: 10.5120/9718-3663
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.RO
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1301.0435v1)
- **Published**: 2013-01-03 12:16:25+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-01-03 12:16:25+00:00
- **Authors**: F. Mahmood, Syed. M. B. Haider, F. Kunwar
- **Comment**: 7 pages, 9 figures,Published with International Journal of Computer
  Applications (IJCA)
- **Journal**: IJCA 60(9):6-12, 2012
- **Summary**: This paper presents the experimental comparison of fourteen stereo matching algorithms in variant illumination conditions. Different adaptations of global and local stereo matching techniques are chosen for evaluation The variant strength and weakness of the chosen correspondence algorithms are explored by employing the methodology of the prediction error strategy. The algorithms are gauged on the basis of their performance on real world data set taken in various indoor lighting conditions and at different times of the day



