# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-03-30
### Extraction of Line Word Character Segments Directly from Run Length Compressed Printed Text Documents
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.7783v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/NCVPRIPG.2013.6776195
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.7783v1)
- **Published**: 2014-03-30 16:48:31+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-30 16:48:31+00:00
- **Authors**: Mohammed Javed, P. Nagabhushan, B. B. Chaudhuri
- **Comment**: IEEE Proceedings in National Conference on Computer Vision, Pattern
  Recognition, Image Processing and Graphics (NCVPRIPG 2013)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Segmentation of a text-document into lines, words and characters, which is considered to be the crucial pre-processing stage in Optical Character Recognition (OCR) is traditionally carried out on uncompressed documents, although most of the documents in real life are available in compressed form, for the reasons such as transmission and storage efficiency. However, this implies that the compressed image should be decompressed, which indents additional computing resources. This limitation has motivated us to take up research in document image analysis using compressed documents. In this paper, we think in a new way to carry out segmentation at line, word and character level in run-length compressed printed-text-documents. We extract the horizontal projection profile curve from the compressed file and using the local minima points perform line segmentation. However, tracing vertical information which leads to tracking words-characters in a run-length compressed file is not very straight forward. Therefore, we propose a novel technique for carrying out simultaneous word and character segmentation by popping out column runs from each row in an intelligent sequence. The proposed algorithms have been validated with 1101 text-lines, 1409 words and 7582 characters from a data-set of 35 noise and skew free compressed documents of Bengali, Kannada and English Scripts.



