# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-03-15
### Automatic Classification of Human Epithelial Type 2 Cell Indirect Immunofluorescence Images using Cell Pyramid Matching
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.3780v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.patcog.2013.10.014
- **Categories**: **q-bio.CB**, cs.CV, q-bio.QM, J.3; I.4.7; I.4.9; I.5.1; I.5.4; G.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.3780v1)
- **Published**: 2014-03-15 10:15:25+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-15 10:15:25+00:00
- **Authors**: Arnold Wiliem, Conrad Sanderson, Yongkang Wong, Peter Hobson, Rodney F. Minchin, Brian C. Lovell
- **Comment**: arXiv admin note: substantial text overlap with arXiv:1304.1262
- **Journal**: Pattern Recognition, Vol. 47, No. 7, pp. 2315-2324, 2014
- **Summary**: This paper describes a novel system for automatic classification of images obtained from Anti-Nuclear Antibody (ANA) pathology tests on Human Epithelial type 2 (HEp-2) cells using the Indirect Immunofluorescence (IIF) protocol. The IIF protocol on HEp-2 cells has been the hallmark method to identify the presence of ANAs, due to its high sensitivity and the large range of antigens that can be detected. However, it suffers from numerous shortcomings, such as being subjective as well as time and labour intensive. Computer Aided Diagnostic (CAD) systems have been developed to address these problems, which automatically classify a HEp-2 cell image into one of its known patterns (eg. speckled, homogeneous). Most of the existing CAD systems use handpicked features to represent a HEp-2 cell image, which may only work in limited scenarios. We propose a novel automatic cell image classification method termed Cell Pyramid Matching (CPM), which is comprised of regional histograms of visual words coupled with the Multiple Kernel Learning framework. We present a study of several variations of generating histograms and show the efficacy of the system on two publicly available datasets: the ICPR HEp-2 cell classification contest dataset and the SNPHEp-2 dataset.



### Geometric VLAD for Large Scale Image Search
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.3829v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.3829v1)
- **Published**: 2014-03-15 17:35:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-15 17:35:26+00:00
- **Authors**: Zixuan Wang, Wei Di, Anurag Bhardwaj, Vignesh Jagadeesh, Robinson Piramuthu
- **Comment**: 8 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present a novel compact image descriptor for large scale image search. Our proposed descriptor - Geometric VLAD (gVLAD) is an extension of VLAD (Vector of Locally Aggregated Descriptors) that incorporates weak geometry information into the VLAD framework. The proposed geometry cues are derived as a membership function over keypoint angles which contain evident and informative information but yet often discarded. A principled technique for learning the membership function by clustering angles is also presented. Further, to address the overhead of iterative codebook training over real-time datasets, a novel codebook adaptation strategy is outlined. Finally, we demonstrate the efficacy of proposed gVLAD based retrieval framework where we achieve more than 15% improvement in mAP over existing benchmarks.



