# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-03-05
### On learning to localize objects with minimal supervision
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.1024v4
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.1024v4)
- **Published**: 2014-03-05 07:21:20+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-05-15 22:08:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Hyun Oh Song, Ross Girshick, Stefanie Jegelka, Julien Mairal, Zaid Harchaoui, Trevor Darrell
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Learning to localize objects with minimal supervision is an important problem in computer vision, since large fully annotated datasets are extremely costly to obtain. In this paper, we propose a new method that achieves this goal with only image-level labels of whether the objects are present or not. Our approach combines a discriminative submodular cover problem for automatically discovering a set of positive object windows with a smoothed latent SVM formulation. The latter allows us to leverage efficient quasi-Newton optimization techniques. Our experiments demonstrate that the proposed approach provides a 50% relative improvement in mean average precision over the current state-of-the-art on PASCAL VOC 2007 detection.



### K-Tangent Spaces on Riemannian Manifolds for Improved Pedestrian Detection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.1056v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICIP.2012.6466899
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.7; I.4.10; I.5.1; I.5.4
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.1056v1)
- **Published**: 2014-03-05 09:44:41+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-05 09:44:41+00:00
- **Authors**: Andres Sanin, Conrad Sanderson, Mehrtash T. Harandi, Brian C. Lovell
- **Comment**: IEEE International Conference on Image Processing (ICIP), 2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: For covariance-based image descriptors, taking into account the curvature of the corresponding feature space has been shown to improve discrimination performance. This is often done through representing the descriptors as points on Riemannian manifolds, with the discrimination accomplished on a tangent space. However, such treatment is restrictive as distances between arbitrary points on the tangent space do not represent true geodesic distances, and hence do not represent the manifold structure accurately. In this paper we propose a general discriminative model based on the combination of several tangent spaces, in order to preserve more details of the structure. The model can be used as a weak learner in a boosting-based pedestrian detection framework. Experiments on the challenging INRIA and DaimlerChrysler datasets show that the proposed model leads to considerably higher performance than methods based on histograms of oriented gradients as well as previous Riemannian-based techniques.



