# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-03-10
### Sublinear Models for Graphs
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.2295v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.2295v1)
- **Published**: 2014-03-10 16:36:23+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-10 16:36:23+00:00
- **Authors**: Brijnesh J. Jain
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This contribution extends linear models for feature vectors to sublinear models for graphs and analyzes their properties. The results are (i) a geometric interpretation of sublinear classifiers, (ii) a generic learning rule based on the principle of empirical risk minimization, (iii) a convergence theorem for the margin perceptron in the sublinearly separable case, and (iv) the VC-dimension of sublinear functions. Empirical results on graph data show that sublinear models on graphs have similar properties as linear models for feature vectors.



### A-infinity Persistence
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.2395v3
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s00200-014-0241-4
- **Categories**: **math.AT**, cs.CG, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.2395v3)
- **Published**: 2014-03-10 20:06:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-17 10:43:28+00:00
- **Authors**: Francisco Belchí Guillamón, Aniceto Murillo Mas
- **Comment**: 22 pages, no figures. In versions 2 and 3, we added our e-mail
  addresses and made some minor corrections, thanks to Jim Stasheff
- **Journal**: Appl. Algebra Engrg. Comm. Comput., 26(1-2):121-139, 2015
- **Summary**: We introduce and study A-infinity persistence of a given homology filtration of topological spaces. This is a family, one for each n > 0, of homological invariants which provide information not readily available by the (persistent) Betti numbers of the given filtration. This may help to detect noise, not just in the simplicial structure of the filtration but in further geometrical properties in which the higher codiagonals of the A-infinity structure are translated. Based in the classification of zigzag modules, a characterization of the A-infinity persistence in terms of its associated barcode is given.



