# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-03-17
### Computer Vision Accelerators for Mobile Systems based on OpenCL GPGPU Co-Processing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.4238v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s11265-014-0878-z
- **Categories**: **cs.DC**, cs.CV, cs.MS, C.1.4; H.5.1; I.5.4; C.1.2; D.1.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.4238v1)
- **Published**: 2014-03-17 18:26:41+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-17 18:26:41+00:00
- **Authors**: Guohui Wang, Yingen Xiong, Jay Yun, Joseph R. Cavallaro
- **Comment**: 15 pages, 15 figures. Submitted and accepted for publication in
  Journal of Signal Processing Systems, 2014
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we present an OpenCL-based heterogeneous implementation of a computer vision algorithm -- image inpainting-based object removal algorithm -- on mobile devices. To take advantage of the computation power of the mobile processor, the algorithm workflow is partitioned between the CPU and the GPU based on the profiling results on mobile devices, so that the computationally-intensive kernels are accelerated by the mobile GPGPU (general-purpose computing using graphics processing units). By exploring the implementation trade-offs and utilizing the proposed optimization strategies at different levels including algorithm optimization, parallelism optimization, and memory access optimization, we significantly speed up the algorithm with the CPU-GPU heterogeneous implementation, while preserving the quality of the output images. Experimental results show that heterogeneous computing based on GPGPU co-processing can significantly speed up the computer vision algorithms and makes them practical on real-world mobile devices.



### Automatic Image Registration in Infrared-Visible Videos using Polygon Vertices
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.4232v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.4232v1)
- **Published**: 2014-03-17 19:58:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-17 19:58:14+00:00
- **Authors**: Tanushri Chakravorty, Guillaume-Alexandre Bilodeau, Eric Granger
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, an automatic method is proposed to perform image registration in visible and infrared pair of video sequences for multiple targets. In multimodal image analysis like image fusion systems, color and IR sensors are placed close to each other and capture a same scene simultaneously, but the videos are not properly aligned by default because of different fields of view, image capturing information, working principle and other camera specifications. Because the scenes are usually not planar, alignment needs to be performed continuously by extracting relevant common information. In this paper, we approximate the shape of the targets by polygons and use affine transformation for aligning the two video sequences. After background subtraction, keypoints on the contour of the foreground blobs are detected using DCE (Discrete Curve Evolution)technique. These keypoints are then described by the local shape at each point of the obtained polygon. The keypoints are matched based on the convexity of polygon's vertices and Euclidean distance between them. Only good matches for each local shape polygon in a frame, are kept. To achieve a global affine transformation that maximises the overlapping of infrared and visible foreground pixels, the matched keypoints of each local shape polygon are stored temporally in a buffer for a few number of frames. The matrix is evaluated at each frame using the temporal buffer and the best matrix is selected, based on an overlapping ratio criterion. Our experimental results demonstrate that this method can provide highly accurate registered images and that we outperform a previous related method.



