# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-03-08
### Quality-based Multimodal Classification Using Tree-Structured Sparsity
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.1902v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/CVPR.2014.524
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.1902v1)
- **Published**: 2014-03-08 00:00:15+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-08 00:00:15+00:00
- **Authors**: Soheil Bahrampour, Asok Ray, Nasser M. Nasrabadi, Kenneth W. Jenkins
- **Comment**: To Appear in 2014 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern
  Recognition (CVPR 2014)
- **Journal**: CVPR 2014, pp. 4114 - 4121
- **Summary**: Recent studies have demonstrated advantages of information fusion based on sparsity models for multimodal classification. Among several sparsity models, tree-structured sparsity provides a flexible framework for extraction of cross-correlated information from different sources and for enforcing group sparsity at multiple granularities. However, the existing algorithm only solves an approximated version of the cost functional and the resulting solution is not necessarily sparse at group levels. This paper reformulates the tree-structured sparse model for multimodal classification task. An accelerated proximal algorithm is proposed to solve the optimization problem, which is an efficient tool for feature-level fusion among either homogeneous or heterogeneous sources of information. In addition, a (fuzzy-set-theoretic) possibilistic scheme is proposed to weight the available modalities, based on their respective reliability, in a joint optimization problem for finding the sparsity codes. This approach provides a general framework for quality-based fusion that offers added robustness to several sparsity-based multimodal classification algorithms. To demonstrate their efficacy, the proposed methods are evaluated on three different applications - multiview face recognition, multimodal face recognition, and target classification.



### A fast eikonal equation solver using the Schrodinger wave equation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.1937v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **math.NA**, cs.CV, cs.NA
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.1937v2)
- **Published**: 2014-03-08 05:58:28+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-02-08 09:56:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Karthik S. Gurumoorthy, Adrian M. Peter, Birmingham Hang Guan, Anand Rangarajan
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We use a Schr\"odinger wave equation formalism to solve the eikonal equation. In our framework, a solution to the eikonal equation is obtained in the limit as Planck's constant $\hbar$ (treated as a free parameter) tends to zero of the solution to the corresponding linear Schr\"odinger equation. The Schr\"odinger equation corresponding to the eikonal turns out to be a \emph{generalized, screened Poisson equation}. Despite being linear, it does not have a closed-form solution for arbitrary forcing functions. We present two different techniques to solve the screened Poisson equation. In the first approach we use a standard perturbation analysis approach to derive a new algorithm which is guaranteed to converge provided the forcing function is bounded and positive. The perturbation technique requires a sequence of discrete convolutions which can be performed in $O(N\log N)$ using the Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) where $N$ is the number of grid points. In the second method we discretize the linear Laplacian operator by the finite difference method leading to a sparse linear system of equations which can be solved using the plethora of sparse solvers. The eikonal solution is recovered from the exponent of the resultant scalar field. Our approach eliminates the need to explicitly construct viscosity solutions as customary with direct solutions to the eikonal. Since the linear equation is computed for a small but non-zero $\hbar$, the obtained solution is an approximation. Though our solution framework is applicable to the general class of eikonal problems, we detail specifics for the popular vision applications of shape-from-shading, vessel segmentation, and path planning.



### Multi-label ensemble based on variable pairwise constraint projection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.1944v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.ins.2012.07.066
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV, stat.ML, I.2.6
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.1944v1)
- **Published**: 2014-03-08 07:20:05+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-08 07:20:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Ping Li, Hong Li, Min Wu
- **Comment**: 19 pages,5 tables, 2 figures; Published with Information Sciences
  (INS)
- **Journal**: Information Sciences, 222, 2013, pp.269-281.(Available online 7
  August 2012)
- **Summary**: Multi-label classification has attracted an increasing amount of attention in recent years. To this end, many algorithms have been developed to classify multi-label data in an effective manner. However, they usually do not consider the pairwise relations indicated by sample labels, which actually play important roles in multi-label classification. Inspired by this, we naturally extend the traditional pairwise constraints to the multi-label scenario via a flexible thresholding scheme. Moreover, to improve the generalization ability of the classifier, we adopt a boosting-like strategy to construct a multi-label ensemble from a group of base classifiers. To achieve these goals, this paper presents a novel multi-label classification framework named Variable Pairwise Constraint projection for Multi-label Ensemble (VPCME). Specifically, we take advantage of the variable pairwise constraint projection to learn a lower-dimensional data representation, which preserves the correlations between samples and labels. Thereafter, the base classifiers are trained in the new data space. For the boosting-like strategy, we employ both the variable pairwise constraints and the bootstrap steps to diversify the base classifiers. Empirical studies have shown the superiority of the proposed method in comparison with other approaches.



### Designing an FPGA Synthesizable Computer Vision Algorithm to Detect the Greening of Potatoes
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.1974v1
- **DOI**: 10.14445/22315381/IJETT-V8P275
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.1974v1)
- **Published**: 2014-03-08 14:59:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-08 14:59:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Jaspinder Pal Singh
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 8 figures, 2 tables, "Published with International Journal
  of Engineering Trends and Technology (IJETT)" ISSN:2231-5381.
  http://www.ijettjournal.org. published by seventh sense research group
- **Journal**: International Journal of Engineering Trends and Technology(IJETT),
  V8(8),438-442 February 2014
- **Summary**: Potato quality control has improved in the last years thanks to automation techniques like machine vision, mainly making the classification task between different quality degrees faster, safer and less subjective. In our study we are going to design a computer vision algorithm for grading of potatoes according to the greening of the surface color of potato. The ratio of green pixels to the total number of pixels of the potato surface is found. The higher the ratio the worse is the potato. First the image is converted into serial data and then processing is done in RGB colour space. Green part of the potato is also shown by de-serializing the output. The same algorithm is then synthesized on FPGA and the result shows thousand times speed improvement in case of hardware synthesis.



