# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-03-13
### Spectral Unmixing via Data-guided Sparsity
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.3155v4
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2014.2363423
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.3155v4)
- **Published**: 2014-03-13 03:29:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-17 15:18:15+00:00
- **Authors**: Feiyun Zhu, Ying Wang, Bin Fan, Gaofeng Meng, Shiming Xiang, Chunhong Pan
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Hyperspectral unmixing, the process of estimating a common set of spectral bases and their corresponding composite percentages at each pixel, is an important task for hyperspectral analysis, visualization and understanding. From an unsupervised learning perspective, this problem is very challenging---both the spectral bases and their composite percentages are unknown, making the solution space too large. To reduce the solution space, many approaches have been proposed by exploiting various priors. In practice, these priors would easily lead to some unsuitable solution. This is because they are achieved by applying an identical strength of constraints to all the factors, which does not hold in practice. To overcome this limitation, we propose a novel sparsity based method by learning a data-guided map to describe the individual mixed level of each pixel. Through this data-guided map, the $\ell_{p}(0<p<1)$ constraint is applied in an adaptive manner. Such implementation not only meets the practical situation, but also guides the spectral bases toward the pixels under highly sparse constraint. What's more, an elegant optimization scheme as well as its convergence proof have been provided in this paper. Extensive experiments on several datasets also demonstrate that the data-guided map is feasible, and high quality unmixing results could be obtained by our method.



### A Novel Method to Extract Rocks from Mars Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.3083v2
- **DOI**: 10.1049/cje.2015.07.003
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.3083v2)
- **Published**: 2014-03-13 06:23:09+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-02 01:08:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Shuliang Wang, Yasen Chen
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author due to a crucial sign
  error in equation 2
- **Journal**: Chinese Journal of Electronics,Vol.24, No.3, July 2015, pp.455-461
- **Summary**: In this paper, a novel method is proposed to extract rocks from Martian surface images by using 8 data field. It models the interaction between two pixels of an image in the context of imagery 9 characteristics. First, foreground rocks are differed from background information by binarizing 10 image on roughly partitioned images. Second, foreground rocks are grouped into clusters by 11 locating the centers and edges of clusters in data field via hierarchical grids. Third, the target 12 rocks are discovered for the Mars Exploration Rover (MER) to keep healthy paths. The 13 experiment with images taken by MER shows the proposed method is practical and potential.



### Numerical Approaches for Linear Left-invariant Diffusions on SE(2), their Comparison to Exact Solutions, and their Applications in Retinal Imaging
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.3320v7
- **DOI**: 10.4208/nmtma.2015.m1411
- **Categories**: **math.NA**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.3320v7)
- **Published**: 2014-03-13 16:35:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-03-01 17:29:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Jiong Zhang, Remco Duits, Gonzalo Sanguinetti, Bart M. ter Haar Romeny
- **Comment**: A final and corrected version of the manuscript is Published in
  Numerical Mathematics: Theory, Methods and Applications (NM-TMA), vol. (9),
  p.1-50, 2016
- **Journal**: Numerical Mathematics: Theory, Methods and Applications (NM-TMA),
  vol. (9), p.1-50, 2016
- **Summary**: Left-invariant PDE-evolutions on the roto-translation group $SE(2)$ (and their resolvent equations) have been widely studied in the fields of cortical modeling and image analysis. They include hypo-elliptic diffusion (for contour enhancement) proposed by Citti & Sarti, and Petitot, and they include the direction process (for contour completion) proposed by Mumford. This paper presents a thorough study and comparison of the many numerical approaches, which, remarkably, is missing in the literature. Existing numerical approaches can be classified into 3 categories: Finite difference methods, Fourier based methods (equivalent to $SE(2)$-Fourier methods), and stochastic methods (Monte Carlo simulations). There are also 3 types of exact solutions to the PDE-evolutions that were derived explicitly (in the spatial Fourier domain) in previous works by Duits and van Almsick in 2005. Here we provide an overview of these 3 types of exact solutions and explain how they relate to each of the 3 numerical approaches. We compute relative errors of all numerical approaches to the exact solutions, and the Fourier based methods show us the best performance with smallest relative errors. We also provide an improvement of Mathematica algorithms for evaluating Mathieu-functions, crucial in implementations of the exact solutions. Furthermore, we include an asymptotical analysis of the singularities within the kernels and we propose a probabilistic extension of underlying stochastic processes that overcomes the singular behavior in the origin of time-integrated kernels. Finally, we show retinal imaging applications of combining left-invariant PDE-evolutions with invertible orientation scores.



