# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-03-19
### Structured Sparse Method for Hyperspectral Unmixing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.4682v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.4682v1)
- **Published**: 2014-03-19 03:23:30+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-19 03:23:30+00:00
- **Authors**: Feiyun Zhu, Ying Wang, Shiming Xiang, Bin Fan, Chunhong Pan
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Hyperspectral Unmixing (HU) has received increasing attention in the past decades due to its ability of unveiling information latent in hyperspectral data. Unfortunately, most existing methods fail to take advantage of the spatial information in data. To overcome this limitation, we propose a Structured Sparse regularized Nonnegative Matrix Factorization (SS-NMF) method from the following two aspects. First, we incorporate a graph Laplacian to encode the manifold structures embedded in the hyperspectral data space. In this way, the highly similar neighboring pixels can be grouped together. Second, the lasso penalty is employed in SS-NMF for the fact that pixels in the same manifold structure are sparsely mixed by a common set of relevant bases. These two factors act as a new structured sparse constraint. With this constraint, our method can learn a compact space, where highly similar pixels are grouped to share correlated sparse representations. Experiments on real hyperspectral data sets with different noise levels demonstrate that our method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods significantly.



### Study on performance improvement of oil paint image filter algorithm using parallel pattern library
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1405.1020v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.DC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.1020v1)
- **Published**: 2014-03-19 07:32:37+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-19 07:32:37+00:00
- **Authors**: Siddhartha Mukherjee
- **Comment**: 12 pages, 4 figures, 4 code snippets, 4 tables, 2 graphs, 2 images of
  experimental result, Conference: CCSEA 2014
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper gives a detailed study on the performance of oil paint image filter algorithm with various parameters applied on an image of RGB model. Oil Paint image processing, being very performance hungry, current research tries to find improvement using parallel pattern library. With increasing kernel-size, the processing time of oil paint image filter algorithm increases exponentially.



### MFCC based Enlargement of the Training Set for Emotion Recognition in Speech
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1403.4777v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1403.4777v1)
- **Published**: 2014-03-19 12:03:09+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-19 12:03:09+00:00
- **Authors**: Inma Mohino-Herranz, Roberto Gil-Pita, Sagrario Alonso-Diaz, Manuel Rosa-Zurera
- **Comment**: Signal & Image Processing : An International Journal (SIPIJ)
- **Journal**: Signal & Image Processing : An International Journal (SIPIJ),
  Vol.5, No,1. 2014
- **Summary**: Emotional state recognition through speech is being a very interesting research topic nowadays. Using subliminal information of speech, denominated as prosody, it is possible to recognize the emotional state of the person. One of the main problems in the design of automatic emotion recognition systems is the small number of available patterns. This fact makes the learning process more difficult, due to the generalization problems that arise under these conditions. In this work we propose a solution to this problem consisting in enlarging the training set through the creation the new virtual patterns. In the case of emotional speech, most of the emotional information is included in speed and pitch variations. So, a change in the average pitch that does not modify neither the speed nor the pitch variations does not affect the expressed emotion. Thus, we use this prior information in order to create new patterns applying a gender dependent pitch shift modification in the feature extraction process of the classification system. For this purpose, we propose a frequency scaling modification of the Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients, used to classify the emotion. For this purpose, we propose a gender dependent frequency scaling modification. This proposed process allows us to synthetically increase the number of available patterns in the training set, thus increasing the generalization capability of the system and reducing the test error. Results carried out with two different classifiers with different degree of generalization capability demonstrate the suitability of the proposal.



