# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-05-22
### LACBoost and FisherBoost: Optimally Building Cascade Classifiers
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1005.4103v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1005.4103v1)
- **Published**: 2010-05-22 04:22:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-05-22 04:22:57+00:00
- **Authors**: Chunhua Shen, Peng Wang, Hanxi Li
- **Comment**: 15 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Object detection is one of the key tasks in computer vision. The cascade framework of Viola and Jones has become the de facto standard. A classifier in each node of the cascade is required to achieve extremely high detection rates, instead of low overall classification error. Although there are a few reported methods addressing this requirement in the context of object detection, there is no a principled feature selection method that explicitly takes into account this asymmetric node learning objective. We provide such a boosting algorithm in this work. It is inspired by the linear asymmetric classifier (LAC) of Wu et al. in that our boosting algorithm optimizes a similar cost function. The new totally-corrective boosting algorithm is implemented by the column generation technique in convex optimization. Experimental results on face detection suggest that our proposed boosting algorithms can improve the state-of-the-art methods in detection performance.



### Incremental Training of a Detector Using Online Sparse Eigen-decomposition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1005.4118v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2010.2053548
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1005.4118v1)
- **Published**: 2010-05-22 11:05:58+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-05-22 11:05:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Sakrapee Paisitkriangkrai, Chunhua Shen, Jian Zhang
- **Comment**: 14 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The ability to efficiently and accurately detect objects plays a very crucial role for many computer vision tasks. Recently, offline object detectors have shown a tremendous success. However, one major drawback of offline techniques is that a complete set of training data has to be collected beforehand. In addition, once learned, an offline detector can not make use of newly arriving data. To alleviate these drawbacks, online learning has been adopted with the following objectives: (1) the technique should be computationally and storage efficient; (2) the updated classifier must maintain its high classification accuracy. In this paper, we propose an effective and efficient framework for learning an adaptive online greedy sparse linear discriminant analysis (GSLDA) model. Unlike many existing online boosting detectors, which usually apply exponential or logistic loss, our online algorithm makes use of LDA's learning criterion that not only aims to maximize the class-separation criterion but also incorporates the asymmetrical property of training data distributions. We provide a better alternative for online boosting algorithms in the context of training a visual object detector. We demonstrate the robustness and efficiency of our methods on handwriting digit and face data sets. Our results confirm that object detection tasks benefit significantly when trained in an online manner.



