# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-05-29
### Content Based Image Retrieval Using Exact Legendre Moments and Support Vector Machine
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1005.5437v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijma.2010.2206
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1005.5437v1)
- **Published**: 2010-05-29 08:12:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-05-29 08:12:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Ch. Srinivasa Rao, S. Srinivas Kumar, B. Chandra Mohan
- **Comment**: 11 Pages, IJMA
- **Journal**: International journal of Multimedia & Its Applications 2.2 (2010)
  69-79
- **Summary**: Content Based Image Retrieval (CBIR) systems based on shape using invariant image moments, viz., Moment Invariants (MI) and Zernike Moments (ZM) are available in the literature. MI and ZM are good at representing the shape features of an image. However, non-orthogonality of MI and poor reconstruction of ZM restrict their application in CBIR. Therefore, an efficient and orthogonal moment based CBIR system is needed. Legendre Moments (LM) are orthogonal, computationally faster, and can represent image shape features compactly. CBIR system using Exact Legendre Moments (ELM) for gray scale images is proposed in this work. Superiority of the proposed CBIR system is observed over other moment based methods, viz., MI and ZM in terms of retrieval efficiency and retrieval time. Further, the classification efficiency is improved by employing Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier. Improved retrieval results are obtained over existing CBIR algorithm based on Stacked Euler Vector (SERVE) combined with Modified Moment Invariants (MMI).



### Detection of Bleeding in Wireless Capsule Endoscopy Images Using Range Ratio Color
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1005.5439v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijma.2010.2201
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1005.5439v1)
- **Published**: 2010-05-29 08:25:50+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-05-29 08:25:50+00:00
- **Authors**: Amer A. Al-Rahayfeh, Abdelshakour A. Abuzneid
- **Comment**: 10 Pages, IJMA
- **Journal**: International journal of Multimedia & Its Applications 2.2 (2010)
  1-10
- **Summary**: Wireless Capsule Endoscopy (WCE) is device to detect abnormalities in colon,esophagus,small intestinal and stomach, to distinguish bleeding in WCE images from non bleeding is a hard job by human reviewing and very time consuming. Consequently, automation for classifying bleeding frames not only will expedite the process but will reduce the burden on the doctors. Using the purity of the red color we can detect the Bleeding areas in WCE images. But, we could find various intensity of red color values in different parts of the small intestinal,so it is not enough to depend on the red color feature alone. We select RGB(Red,Green,Blue) because it takes raw level values and it is easy to use. In this paper we will put range ratio color for each of R,G,and B. Therefore, we divide each image into multiple pixels and apply the range ratio color condition for each pixel. Then we count the number of the pixels that achieved our condition. If the number of pixels grater than zero, then the frame is classified as a bleeding type. Otherwise, it is a non-bleeding. Our experimental results show that this method could achieve a very high accuracy in detecting bleeding images for the different parts of the small intestinal



