# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-01-29
### Kannada Character Recognition System A Review
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1001.5352v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1001.5352v1)
- **Published**: 2010-01-29 08:29:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-01-29 08:29:57+00:00
- **Authors**: K. Indira, S. Sethu Selvi
- **Comment**: 12 pages, 8 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Intensive research has been done on optical character recognition ocr and a large number of articles have been published on this topic during the last few decades. Many commercial OCR systems are now available in the market, but most of these systems work for Roman, Chinese, Japanese and Arabic characters. There are no sufficient number of works on Indian language character recognition especially Kannada script among 12 major scripts in India. This paper presents a review of existing work on printed Kannada script and their results. The characteristics of Kannada script and Kannada Character Recognition System kcr are discussed in detail. Finally fusion at the classifier level is proposed to increase the recognition accuracy.



### Threshold Based Indexing of Commercial Shoe Print to Create Reference and Recovery Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1001.5359v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1001.5359v1)
- **Published**: 2010-01-29 09:03:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-01-29 09:03:48+00:00
- **Authors**: S. Rathinavel, S. Arumugam
- **Comment**: 4 pages, 8 figures
- **Journal**: InterJRI Computer Science and Networking, Volume 1, pp 49-52, 2009
- **Summary**: One of the important evidence in a crime scene that is normally overlooked but very important evidence is shoe print as the criminal is normally unaware of the mask for this. In this paper we use image processing technique to process reference shoe images to make it index-able for a search from the database the shoe print impressions available in the commercial market. This is achieved first by converting the commercially available image through the process of converting them to gray scale then apply image enhancement and restoration techniques and finally do image segmentation to store the segmented parameter as index in the database storage. We use histogram method for image enhancement, inverse filtering for image restoration and threshold method for indexing. We use global threshold as index of the shoe print. The paper describes this method and simulation results are included to validate the method.



