# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-01-15
### An Explicit Nonlinear Mapping for Manifold Learning
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1001.2605v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1001.2605v1)
- **Published**: 2010-01-15 03:03:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-01-15 03:03:24+00:00
- **Authors**: Hong Qiao, Peng Zhang, Di Wang, Bo Zhang
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Manifold learning is a hot research topic in the field of computer science and has many applications in the real world. A main drawback of manifold learning methods is, however, that there is no explicit mappings from the input data manifold to the output embedding. This prohibits the application of manifold learning methods in many practical problems such as classification and target detection. Previously, in order to provide explicit mappings for manifold learning methods, many methods have been proposed to get an approximate explicit representation mapping with the assumption that there exists a linear projection between the high-dimensional data samples and their low-dimensional embedding. However, this linearity assumption may be too restrictive. In this paper, an explicit nonlinear mapping is proposed for manifold learning, based on the assumption that there exists a polynomial mapping between the high-dimensional data samples and their low-dimensional representations. As far as we know, this is the first time that an explicit nonlinear mapping for manifold learning is given. In particular, we apply this to the method of Locally Linear Embedding (LLE) and derive an explicit nonlinear manifold learning algorithm, named Neighborhood Preserving Polynomial Embedding (NPPE). Experimental results on both synthetic and real-world data show that the proposed mapping is much more effective in preserving the local neighborhood information and the nonlinear geometry of the high-dimensional data samples than previous work.



### Analytical shape determination of fiber-like objects with Virtual Image Correlation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1001.2636v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.comp-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1001.2636v1)
- **Published**: 2010-01-15 08:52:54+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-01-15 08:52:54+00:00
- **Authors**: Benoit Semin, Marc Louis Maurice François, Harold Auradou
- **Comment**: 17 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper reports a method allowing for the determination of the shape of deformed fiber-like objects. Compared to existing methods, it provides analytical results including the local slope and curvature which are of first importance, for instance, in beam mechanics. The presented VIC (Virtual Image Correlation) method consists in looking for the best correlation between the image of the fiber-like object and a virtual beam image, using an algorithm close to the Digital Image Correlation method developed in experimental solid mechanics. The computation only involves the part of the image in the vicinity of the fiber: the method is thus insensitive to the picture background and the computational cost remains low. Two examples are reported: the first proves the precision of the method, the second its ability to identify a complex shape with multiple loops.



