# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-01-23
### SVM-based Multiview Face Recognition by Generalization of Discriminant Analysis
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1001.4140v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, D.2.2; I.2.10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1001.4140v1)
- **Published**: 2010-01-23 08:53:49+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-01-23 08:53:49+00:00
- **Authors**: Dakshina Ranjan Kisku, Hunny Mehrotra, Jamuna Kanta Sing, Phalguni Gupta
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 3 figures
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Systems Science and Engineering
  (formerly International Journal of Intelligent Systems and Technologies),
  vol. 3, no. 3, pp. 174--179, 2008
- **Summary**: Identity verification of authentic persons by their multiview faces is a real valued problem in machine vision. Multiview faces are having difficulties due to non-linear representation in the feature space. This paper illustrates the usability of the generalization of LDA in the form of canonical covariate for face recognition to multiview faces. In the proposed work, the Gabor filter bank is used to extract facial features that characterized by spatial frequency, spatial locality and orientation. Gabor face representation captures substantial amount of variations of the face instances that often occurs due to illumination, pose and facial expression changes. Convolution of Gabor filter bank to face images of rotated profile views produce Gabor faces with high dimensional features vectors. Canonical covariate is then used to Gabor faces to reduce the high dimensional feature spaces into low dimensional subspaces. Finally, support vector machines are trained with canonical sub-spaces that contain reduced set of features and perform recognition task. The proposed system is evaluated with UMIST face database. The experiment results demonstrate the efficiency and robustness of the proposed system with high recognition rates.



### Detection and Demarcation of Tumor using Vector Quantization in MRI images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1001.4189v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1001.4189v1)
- **Published**: 2010-01-23 19:00:44+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-01-23 19:00:44+00:00
- **Authors**: H. B. Kekre, Tanuja K. Sarode, Saylee M. Gharge
- **Comment**: 8 Pages
- **Journal**: IJEST Volume 1 Issue 2 2009 59-66
- **Summary**: Segmenting a MRI images into homogeneous texture regions representing disparate tissue types is often a useful preprocessing step in the computer-assisted detection of breast cancer. That is why we proposed new algorithm to detect cancer in mammogram breast cancer images. In this paper we proposed segmentation using vector quantization technique. Here we used Linde Buzo-Gray algorithm (LBG) for segmentation of MRI images. Initially a codebook of size 128 was generated for MRI images. These code vectors were further clustered in 8 clusters using same LBG algorithm. These 8 images were displayed as a result. This approach does not leads to over segmentation or under segmentation. For the comparison purpose we displayed results of watershed segmentation and Entropy using Gray Level Co-occurrence Matrix along with this method.



