# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-04-18
### Polygon Matching and Indexing Under Affine Transformations
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.4994v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 51N10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.4994v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-18 00:40:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-18 00:40:22+00:00
- **Authors**: Edgar Chávez, Ana C. Chávez-Cáliz, Jorge L. López-López
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Given a collection $\{Z_1,Z_2,\ldots,Z_m\}$ of $n$-sided polygons in the plane and a query polygon $W$ we give algorithms to find all $Z_\ell$ such that $W=f(Z_\ell)$ with $f$ an unknown similarity transformation in time independent of the size of the collection. If $f$ is a known affine transformation, we show how to find all $Z_\ell$ such that $W=f(Z_\ell)$ in $O(n+\log(m))$ time.   For a pair $W,W^\prime$ of polygons we can find all the pairs $Z_\ell,Z_{\ell^\prime}$ such that $W=f(Z_\ell)$ and $W^\prime=f(Z_{\ell^\prime})$ for an unknown affine transformation $f$ in $O(m+n)$ time.   For the case of triangles we also give bounds for the problem of matching triangles with variable vertices, which is equivalent to affine matching triangles in noisy conditions.



### Combinaison d'information visuelle, conceptuelle, et contextuelle pour la construction automatique de hierarchies semantiques adaptees a l'annotation d'images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.5063v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, cs.MM, 68T45, I.4.10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.5063v2)
- **Published**: 2013-04-18 09:40:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-26 11:49:10+00:00
- **Authors**: Hichem Bannour, Céline Hudelot
- **Comment**: RFIA 2012 (Reconnaissance des Formes et Intelligence Artificielle)
  Lyon, France pg. 462-469. 9 pages
- **Journal**: RFIA 2012 (Reconnaissance des Formes et Intelligence Artificielle)
  Lyon, France pg. 462-469
- **Summary**: This paper proposes a new methodology to automatically build semantic hierarchies suitable for image annotation and classification. The building of the hierarchy is based on a new measure of semantic similarity. The proposed measure incorporates several sources of information: visual, conceptual and contextual as we defined in this paper. The aim is to provide a measure that best represents image semantics. We then propose rules based on this measure, for the building of the final hierarchy, and which explicitly encode hierarchical relationships between different concepts. Therefore, the built hierarchy is used in a semantic hierarchical classification framework for image annotation. Our experiments and results show that the hierarchy built improves classification results.   Ce papier propose une nouvelle methode pour la construction automatique de hierarchies semantiques adaptees a la classification et a l'annotation d'images. La construction de la hierarchie est basee sur une nouvelle mesure de similarite semantique qui integre plusieurs sources d'informations: visuelle, conceptuelle et contextuelle que nous definissons dans ce papier. L'objectif est de fournir une mesure qui est plus proche de la semantique des images. Nous proposons ensuite des regles, basees sur cette mesure, pour la construction de la hierarchie finale qui encode explicitement les relations hierarchiques entre les differents concepts. La hierarchie construite est ensuite utilisee dans un cadre de classification semantique hierarchique d'images en concepts visuels. Nos experiences et resultats montrent que la hierarchie construite permet d'ameliorer les resultats de la classification.



### Object Tracking in Videos: Approaches and Issues
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.5212v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.5212v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-18 18:41:47+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-18 18:41:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Duc Phu Chau, François Bremond, Monique Thonnat
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: The International Workshop "Rencontres UNS-UD" (RUNSUD) (2013)
- **Summary**: Mobile object tracking has an important role in the computer vision applications. In this paper, we use a tracked target-based taxonomy to present the object tracking algorithms. The tracked targets are divided into three categories: points of interest, appearance and silhouette of mobile objects. Advantages and limitations of the tracking approaches are also analyzed to find the future directions in the object tracking domain.



