# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-04-20
### Distributed Low-rank Subspace Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.5583v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.DC, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.5583v2)
- **Published**: 2013-04-20 03:54:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-10-16 02:55:18+00:00
- **Authors**: Ameet Talwalkar, Lester Mackey, Yadong Mu, Shih-Fu Chang, Michael I. Jordan
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Vision problems ranging from image clustering to motion segmentation to semi-supervised learning can naturally be framed as subspace segmentation problems, in which one aims to recover multiple low-dimensional subspaces from noisy and corrupted input data. Low-Rank Representation (LRR), a convex formulation of the subspace segmentation problem, is provably and empirically accurate on small problems but does not scale to the massive sizes of modern vision datasets. Moreover, past work aimed at scaling up low-rank matrix factorization is not applicable to LRR given its non-decomposable constraints. In this work, we propose a novel divide-and-conquer algorithm for large-scale subspace segmentation that can cope with LRR's non-decomposable constraints and maintains LRR's strong recovery guarantees. This has immediate implications for the scalability of subspace segmentation, which we demonstrate on a benchmark face recognition dataset and in simulations. We then introduce novel applications of LRR-based subspace segmentation to large-scale semi-supervised learning for multimedia event detection, concept detection, and image tagging. In each case, we obtain state-of-the-art results and order-of-magnitude speed ups.



### Color image denoising by chromatic edges based vector valued diffusion
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.5587v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 68U10, I.4.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.5587v2)
- **Published**: 2013-04-20 05:05:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-05-15 07:22:13+00:00
- **Authors**: V. B. Surya Prasath, Juan C. Moreno, K. Palaniappan
- **Comment**: Submitted to IEEE Signal Processing Letters, 4 pages, 4 figures, 2
  tables. Some mistakes were corrected from previous version
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this letter we propose to denoise digital color images via an improved geometric diffusion scheme. By introducing edges detected from all three color channels into the diffusion the proposed scheme avoids color smearing artifacts. Vector valued diffusion is used to control the smoothing and the geometry of color images are taken into consideration. Color edge strength function computed from different planes is introduced and it stops the diffusion spread across chromatic edges. Experimental results indicate that the scheme achieves good denoising with edge preservation when compared to other related schemes.



