# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-04-30
### Convolutional Neural Networks learn compact local image descriptors
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.7948v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.7948v2)
- **Published**: 2013-04-30 10:41:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-06-02 20:32:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Christian Osendorfer, Justin Bayer, Patrick van der Smagt
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A standard deep convolutional neural network paired with a suitable loss function learns compact local image descriptors that perform comparably to state-of-the art approaches.



### Fractal-Based Detection of Microcalcification Clusters in Digital Mammograms
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.8092v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.8092v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-30 17:51:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-30 17:51:27+00:00
- **Authors**: P. Shanmugavadivu, V. Sivakumar
- **Comment**: Appeared in ICECIT-2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, a novel method for edge detection of microcalcification clusters in mammogram images is presented using the concept of Fractal Dimension and Hurst co-efficient that enables to locate the microcalcifications in the mammograms. This technique detects the edges accurately than the ones obtained by the conventional Sobel method. Generally, Sobel method detects the edges of the regions/objects in an image using the Fudge factor that assumes its value as 0.5, by default. In this proposed technique, the Fudge factor is suitably replaced with Hurst Co-efficient, which is computed as the difference of Fractal dimension and the topological dimension of a given input image. These two dimensions are image-dependent, and hence the respective Hurst co-efficient too varies with respect to images. Hence, the image-dependent Hurst co-efficient based Sobel method is proved to produce better results than the Fudge factor based Sobel method. The results of the proposed method substantiate the merit of the proposed technique.



### Image Compression By Embedding Five Modulus Method Into JPEG
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1305.0020v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/sipij.2013.4203
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1305.0020v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-30 20:28:37+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-30 20:28:37+00:00
- **Authors**: Firas A. Jassim
- **Comment**: 9 pages, 6 tables, 6 figures
- **Journal**: Signal & Image Processing : An International Journal (SIPIJ)
  Vol.4, No.2, April 2013
- **Summary**: The standard JPEG format is almost the optimum format in image compression. The compression ratio in JPEG sometimes reaches 30:1. The compression ratio of JPEG could be increased by embedding the Five Modulus Method (FMM) into the JPEG algorithm. The novel algorithm gives twice the time as the standard JPEG algorithm or more. The novel algorithm was called FJPEG (Five-JPEG). The quality of the reconstructed image after compression is approximately approaches the JPEG. Standard test images have been used to support and implement the suggested idea in this paper and the error metrics have been computed and compared with JPEG.



