# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-04-17
### A Health Monitoring System for Elder and Sick Persons
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.4652v1
- **DOI**: 10.7763/IJCTE.2013.V5.723
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.HC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.4652v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-17 00:33:21+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-17 00:33:21+00:00
- **Authors**: Ankit Chaudhary, Jagdish L. Raheja
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Theory and Engineering, Vol. 5,
  No. 3, June 2013
- **Summary**: This paper discusses a vision based health monitoring system which would be very easy in use and deployment. Elder and sick people who are not able to talk or walk they are dependent on other human beings for their daily needs and need continuous monitoring. The developed system provides facility to the sick or elder person to describe his or her need to their caretaker in lingual description by showing particular hand gesture with the developed system. This system uses fingertip detection technique for gesture extraction and artificial neural network for gesture classification and recognition. The system is able to work in different light conditions and can be connected to different devices to announce users need on a distant location.



### Tracking of Fingertips and Centres of Palm using KINECT
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.4662v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.4662v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-17 01:20:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-17 01:20:10+00:00
- **Authors**: J. L. Raheja, A. Chaudhary, K Singal
- **Comment**: 4 page
- **Journal**: In proceedings of the 3rd IEEE International Conference on
  Computational Intelligence, Modelling and Simulation, Malaysia, 20-22 Sep,
  2011, pp. 248-252
- **Summary**: Hand Gesture is a popular way to interact or control machines and it has been implemented in many applications. The geometry of hand is such that it is hard to construct in virtual environment and control the joints but the functionality and DOF encourage researchers to make a hand like instrument. This paper presents a novel method for fingertips detection and centres of palms detection distinctly for both hands using MS KINECT in 3D from the input image. KINECT facilitates us by providing the depth information of foreground objects. The hands were segmented using the depth vector and centres of palms were detected using distance transformation on inverse image. This result would be used to feed the inputs to the robotic hands to emulate human hands operation.



### Automated Switching System for Skin Pixel Segmentation in Varied Lighting
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.4711v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.4711v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-17 07:07:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-17 07:07:52+00:00
- **Authors**: Ankit Chaudhary, Ankur Gupta
- **Comment**: 6 pages
- **Journal**: 19th IEEE International Conference on Mechatronics and Machine
  Vision in Practice, Auckland, New Zealand, 28-30 Nov, 2012, pp. 26-31
- **Summary**: In Computer Vision, colour-based spatial techniquesoften assume a static skin colour model. However, skin colour perceived by a camera can change when lighting changes. In common real environment multiple light sources impinge on the skin. Moreover, detection techniques may vary when the image under study is taken under different lighting condition than the one that was earlier under consideration. Therefore, for robust skin pixel detection, a dynamic skin colour model that can cope with the changes must be employed. This paper shows that skin pixel detection in a digital colour image can be significantly improved by employing automated colour space switching methods. In the root of the switching technique which is employed in this study, lies the statistical mean of value of the skin pixels in the image which in turn has been derived from the Value, measures as a third component of the HSV. The study is based on experimentations on a set of images where capture time conditions varying from highly illuminated to almost dark.



### Robust Noise Filtering in Image Sequences
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.4765v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.4765v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-17 10:55:43+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-17 10:55:43+00:00
- **Authors**: Soumaya Hichri, Faouzi Benzarti, Hamid Amiri
- **Comment**: 5 pages
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Applications Volume 50 No.18,
  July 2012, ISSN 0975-8887
- **Summary**: Image sequences filtering have recently become a very important technical problem especially with the advent of new technology in multimedia and video systems applications. Often image sequences are corrupted by some amount of noise introduced by the image sensor and therefore inherently present in the imaging process. The main problem in the image sequences is how to deal with spatio-temporal and non stationary signals. In this paper, we propose a robust method for noise removal of image sequence based on coupled spatial and temporal anisotropic diffusion. The idea is to achieve an adaptive smoothing in both spatial and temporal directions, by solving a nonlinear diffusion equation. This allows removing noise while preserving all spatial and temporal discontinuities



