# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-04-08
### Automatic Fingerprint Recognition Using Minutiae Matching Technique for the Large Fingerprint Database
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.2109v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.2109v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-08 06:14:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-08 06:14:48+00:00
- **Authors**: S. M. Mohsen, S. M. Zamshed Farhan, M. M. A. Hashem
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Procs. of the 3rd International Conference on Electrical and
  Computer Engineering (ICECE 2004), pp. 116-119, Dhaka, Bangladesh, December
  28-30, (2004)
- **Summary**: Extracting minutiae from fingerprint images is one of the most important steps in automatic fingerprint identification system. Because minutiae matching are certainly the most well-known and widely used method for fingerprint matching, minutiae are local discontinuities in the fingerprint pattern. In this paper a fingerprint matching algorithm is proposed using some specific feature of the minutiae points, also the acquired fingerprint image is considered by minimizing its size by generating a corresponding fingerprint template for a large fingerprint database. The results achieved are compared with those obtained through some other methods also shows some improvement in the minutiae detection process in terms of memory and time required.



### Dynamic Amelioration of Resolution Mismatches for Local Feature Based Identity Inference
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.2133v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICPR.2010.299
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IR, I.5.4; I.4
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.2133v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-08 08:36:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-08 08:36:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Yongkang Wong, Conrad Sanderson, Sandra Mau, Brian C. Lovell
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: International Conference on Pattern Recognition (ICPR), pp.
  1200-1203, 2010
- **Summary**: While existing face recognition systems based on local features are robust to issues such as misalignment, they can exhibit accuracy degradation when comparing images of differing resolutions. This is common in surveillance environments where a gallery of high resolution mugshots is compared to low resolution CCTV probe images, or where the size of a given image is not a reliable indicator of the underlying resolution (eg. poor optics). To alleviate this degradation, we propose a compensation framework which dynamically chooses the most appropriate face recognition system for a given pair of image resolutions. This framework applies a novel resolution detection method which does not rely on the size of the input images, but instead exploits the sensitivity of local features to resolution using a probabilistic multi-region histogram approach. Experiments on a resolution-modified version of the "Labeled Faces in the Wild" dataset show that the proposed resolution detector frontend obtains a 99% average accuracy in selecting the most appropriate face recognition system, resulting in higher overall face discrimination accuracy (across several resolutions) compared to the individual baseline face recognition systems.



