# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-04-19
### A Joint Intensity and Depth Co-Sparse Analysis Model for Depth Map Super-Resolution
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.5319v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.5319v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-19 06:35:33+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-19 06:35:33+00:00
- **Authors**: Martin Kiechle, Simon Hawe, Martin Kleinsteuber
- **Comment**: 13 pages, 4 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: High-resolution depth maps can be inferred from low-resolution depth measurements and an additional high-resolution intensity image of the same scene. To that end, we introduce a bimodal co-sparse analysis model, which is able to capture the interdependency of registered intensity and depth information. This model is based on the assumption that the co-supports of corresponding bimodal image structures are aligned when computed by a suitable pair of analysis operators. No analytic form of such operators exist and we propose a method for learning them from a set of registered training signals. This learning process is done offline and returns a bimodal analysis operator that is universally applicable to natural scenes. We use this to exploit the bimodal co-sparse analysis model as a prior for solving inverse problems, which leads to an efficient algorithm for depth map super-resolution.



### Separating the Real from the Synthetic: Minutiae Histograms as Fingerprints of Fingerprints
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.5409v3
- **DOI**: 10.1049/iet-bmt.2013.0065
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI, cs.DB
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.5409v3)
- **Published**: 2013-04-19 13:21:13+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-10-15 14:04:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Carsten Gottschlich, Stephan Huckemann
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IET Biometrics, vol. 3, no. 4, pp. 291-301, Dec. 2014
- **Summary**: In this study we show that by the current state-of-the-art synthetically generated fingerprints can easily be discriminated from real fingerprints. We propose a method based on second order extended minutiae histograms (MHs) which can distinguish between real and synthetic prints with very high accuracy. MHs provide a fixed-length feature vector for a fingerprint which are invariant under rotation and translation. This 'test of realness' can be applied to synthetic fingerprints produced by any method. In this work, tests are conducted on the 12 publicly available databases of FVC2000, FVC2002 and FVC2004 which are well established benchmarks for evaluating the performance of fingerprint recognition algorithms; 3 of these 12 databases consist of artificial fingerprints generated by the SFinGe software. Additionally, we evaluate the discriminative performance on a database of synthetic fingerprints generated by the software of Bicz versus real fingerprint images. We conclude with suggestions for the improvement of synthetic fingerprint generation.



