# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-04-16
### Sparse Coding and Dictionary Learning for Symmetric Positive Definite Matrices: A Kernel Approach
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.4344v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/978-3-642-33709-3_16
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV, stat.ML, I.2.6; I.5.1; I.5.4; I.2.10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.4344v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-16 06:47:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-16 06:47:03+00:00
- **Authors**: Mehrtash T. Harandi, Conrad Sanderson, Richard Hartley, Brian C. Lovell
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: European Conference on Computer Vision, Lecture Notes in Computer
  Science (LNCS), Vol. 7573, pp. 216-229, 2012
- **Summary**: Recent advances suggest that a wide range of computer vision problems can be addressed more appropriately by considering non-Euclidean geometry. This paper tackles the problem of sparse coding and dictionary learning in the space of symmetric positive definite matrices, which form a Riemannian manifold. With the aid of the recently introduced Stein kernel (related to a symmetric version of Bregman matrix divergence), we propose to perform sparse coding by embedding Riemannian manifolds into reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces. This leads to a convex and kernel version of the Lasso problem, which can be solved efficiently. We furthermore propose an algorithm for learning a Riemannian dictionary (used for sparse coding), closely tied to the Stein kernel. Experiments on several classification tasks (face recognition, texture classification, person re-identification) show that the proposed sparse coding approach achieves notable improvements in discrimination accuracy, in comparison to state-of-the-art methods such as tensor sparse coding, Riemannian locality preserving projection, and symmetry-driven accumulation of local features.



### Heterogeneous patterns enhancing static and dynamic texture classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.4535v1
- **DOI**: 10.1088/1742-6596/410/1/012033
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.4535v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-16 17:53:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-16 17:53:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Núbia Rosa da Silva, Odemir Martinez Bruno
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 5 figures
- **Journal**: N\'ubia Rosa da Silva and Odemir Martinez Bruno 2013 J. Phys.:
  Conf. Ser. 410 012033
- **Summary**: Some mixtures, such as colloids like milk, blood, and gelatin, have homogeneous appearance when viewed with the naked eye, however, to observe them at the nanoscale is possible to understand the heterogeneity of its components. The same phenomenon can occur in pattern recognition in which it is possible to see heterogeneous patterns in texture images. However, current methods of texture analysis can not adequately describe such heterogeneous patterns. Common methods used by researchers analyse the image information in a global way, taking all its features in an integrated manner. Furthermore, multi-scale analysis verifies the patterns at different scales, but still preserving the homogeneous analysis. On the other hand various methods use textons to represent the texture, breaking texture down into its smallest unit. To tackle this problem, we propose a method to identify texture patterns not small as textons at distinct scales enhancing the separability among different types of texture. We find sub patterns of texture according to the scale and then group similar patterns for a more refined analysis. Tests were performed in four static texture databases and one dynamic one. Results show that our method provides better classification rate compared with conventional approaches both in static and in dynamic texture.



### Speckle Reduction in Polarimetric SAR Imagery with Stochastic Distances and Nonlocal Means
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.4634v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, cs.GR, math.IT, stat.AP, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.4634v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-16 22:11:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-16 22:11:53+00:00
- **Authors**: Leonardo Torres, Sidnei J. S. Sant'Anna, Corina C. Freitas, Alejandro C. Frery
- **Comment**: Accepted for publication in Pattern Recognition
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper presents a technique for reducing speckle in Polarimetric Synthetic Aperture Radar (PolSAR) imagery using Nonlocal Means and a statistical test based on stochastic divergences. The main objective is to select homogeneous pixels in the filtering area through statistical tests between distributions. This proposal uses the complex Wishart model to describe PolSAR data, but the technique can be extended to other models. The weights of the location-variant linear filter are function of the p-values of tests which verify the hypothesis that two samples come from the same distribution and, therefore, can be used to compute a local mean. The test stems from the family of (h-phi) divergences which originated in Information Theory. This novel technique was compared with the Boxcar, Refined Lee and IDAN filters. Image quality assessment methods on simulated and real data are employed to validate the performance of this approach. We show that the proposed filter also enhances the polarimetric entropy and preserves the scattering information of the targets.



