# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-04-10
### Detecting Directionality in Random Fields Using the Monogenic Signal
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.2998v3
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIT.2014.2342734
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.2998v3)
- **Published**: 2013-04-10 15:34:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-06-10 07:49:51+00:00
- **Authors**: Sofia Olhede, David Ramírez, Peter J. Schreier
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Information Theory (2014)
- **Summary**: Detecting and analyzing directional structures in images is important in many applications since one-dimensional patterns often correspond to important features such as object contours or trajectories. Classifying a structure as directional or non-directional requires a measure to quantify the degree of directionality and a threshold, which needs to be chosen based on the statistics of the image. In order to do this, we model the image as a random field. So far, little research has been performed on analyzing directionality in random fields. In this paper, we propose a measure to quantify the degree of directionality based on the random monogenic signal, which enables a unique decomposition of a 2D signal into local amplitude, local orientation, and local phase. We investigate the second-order statistical properties of the monogenic signal for isotropic, anisotropic, and unidirectional random fields. We analyze our measure of directionality for finite-size sample images, and determine a threshold to distinguish between unidirectional and non-unidirectional random fields, which allows the automatic classification of images.



### A New Approach To Two-View Motion Segmentation Using Global Dimension Minimization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.2999v2
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s11263-013-0694-0
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.2999v2)
- **Published**: 2013-04-10 15:34:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-01-07 08:27:32+00:00
- **Authors**: Bryan Poling, Gilad Lerman
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Vision, 108 (2014), no. 3,
  165-185
- **Summary**: We present a new approach to rigid-body motion segmentation from two views. We use a previously developed nonlinear embedding of two-view point correspondences into a 9-dimensional space and identify the different motions by segmenting lower-dimensional subspaces. In order to overcome nonuniform distributions along the subspaces, whose dimensions are unknown, we suggest the novel concept of global dimension and its minimization for clustering subspaces with some theoretical motivation. We propose a fast projected gradient algorithm for minimizing global dimension and thus segmenting motions from 2-views. We develop an outlier detection framework around the proposed method, and we present state-of-the-art results on outlier-free and outlier-corrupted two-view data for segmenting motion.



