# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-04-22
### Bayesian crack detection in ultra high resolution multimodal images of paintings
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.5894v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.5894v2)
- **Published**: 2013-04-22 09:46:47+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-23 09:00:01+00:00
- **Authors**: Bruno Cornelis, Yun Yang, Joshua T. Vogelstein, Ann Dooms, Ingrid Daubechies, David Dunson
- **Comment**: 8 pages, double column
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The preservation of our cultural heritage is of paramount importance. Thanks to recent developments in digital acquisition techniques, powerful image analysis algorithms are developed which can be useful non-invasive tools to assist in the restoration and preservation of art. In this paper we propose a semi-supervised crack detection method that can be used for high-dimensional acquisitions of paintings coming from different modalities. Our dataset consists of a recently acquired collection of images of the Ghent Altarpiece (1432), one of Northern Europe's most important art masterpieces. Our goal is to build a classifier that is able to discern crack pixels from the background consisting of non-crack pixels, making optimal use of the information that is provided by each modality. To accomplish this we employ a recently developed non-parametric Bayesian classifier, that uses tensor factorizations to characterize any conditional probability. A prior is placed on the parameters of the factorization such that every possible interaction between predictors is allowed while still identifying a sparse subset among these predictors. The proposed Bayesian classifier, which we will refer to as conditional Bayesian tensor factorization or CBTF, is assessed by visually comparing classification results with the Random Forest (RF) algorithm.



### The varifold representation of non-oriented shapes for diffeomorphic registration
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.6108v1
- **DOI**: 10.1137/130918885
- **Categories**: **cs.CG**, cs.CV, math.DG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.6108v1)
- **Published**: 2013-04-22 21:03:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-04-22 21:03:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Nicolas Charon, Alain Trouvé
- **Comment**: 33 pages, 10 figures
- **Journal**: SIAM Journal on Imaging Sciences, 2013, Vol. 6, No. 4 : pp.
  2547-2580
- **Summary**: In this paper, we address the problem of orientation that naturally arises when representing shapes like curves or surfaces as currents. In the field of computational anatomy, the framework of currents has indeed proved very efficient to model a wide variety of shapes. However, in such approaches, orientation of shapes is a fundamental issue that can lead to several drawbacks in treating certain kind of datasets. More specifically, problems occur with structures like acute pikes because of canceling effects of currents or with data that consists in many disconnected pieces like fiber bundles for which currents require a consistent orientation of all pieces. As a promising alternative to currents, varifolds, introduced in the context of geometric measure theory by F. Almgren, allow the representation of any non-oriented manifold (more generally any non-oriented rectifiable set). In particular, we explain how varifolds can encode numerically non-oriented objects both from the discrete and continuous point of view. We show various ways to build a Hilbert space structure on the set of varifolds based on the theory of reproducing kernels. We show that, unlike the currents' setting, these metrics are consistent with shape volume (theorem 4.1) and we derive a formula for the variation of metric with respect to the shape (theorem 4.2). Finally, we propose a generalization to non-oriented shapes of registration algorithms in the context of Large Deformations Metric Mapping (LDDMM), which we detail with a few examples in the last part of the paper.



