# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-07-29
### Confidence-Based Dynamic Classifier Combination For Mean-Shift Tracking
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.5850v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.8
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.5850v2)
- **Published**: 2011-07-29 01:08:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-22 15:35:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Ibrahim Saygin Topkaya, Hakan Erdogan
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author due to an implementation
  issue
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We introduce a novel tracking technique which uses dynamic confidence-based fusion of two different information sources for robust and efficient tracking of visual objects. Mean-shift tracking is a popular and well known method used in object tracking problems. Originally, the algorithm uses a similarity measure which is optimized by shifting a search area to the center of a generated weight image to track objects. Recent improvements on the original mean-shift algorithm involves using a classifier that differentiates the object from its surroundings. We adopt this classifier-based approach and propose an application of a classifier fusion technique within this classifier-based context in this work. We use two different classifiers, where one comes from a background modeling method, to generate the weight image and we calculate contributions of the classifiers dynamically using their confidences to generate a final weight image to be used in tracking. The contributions of the classifiers are calculated by using correlations between histograms of their weight images and histogram of a defined ideal weight image in the previous frame. We show with experiments that our dynamic combination scheme selects good contributions for classifiers for different cases and improves tracking accuracy significantly.



### A Invertible Dimension Reduction of Curves on a Manifold
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1108.0007v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.DG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1108.0007v1)
- **Published**: 2011-07-29 20:06:59+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-29 20:06:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Sheng Yi, Hamid Krim, Larry K. Norris
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we propose a novel lower dimensional representation of a shape sequence. The proposed dimension reduction is invertible and computationally more efficient in comparison to other related works. Theoretically, the differential geometry tools such as moving frame and parallel transportation are successfully adapted into the dimension reduction problem of high dimensional curves. Intuitively, instead of searching for a global flat subspace for curve embedding, we deployed a sequence of local flat subspaces adaptive to the geometry of both of the curve and the manifold it lies on. In practice, the experimental results of the dimension reduction and reconstruction algorithms well illustrate the advantages of the proposed theoretical innovation.



