# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-07-13
### Learning Hypergraph Labeling for Feature Matching
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.2553v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.2553v1)
- **Published**: 2011-07-13 14:01:50+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-13 14:01:50+00:00
- **Authors**: Toufiq Parag, Vladimir Pavlovic, Ahmed Elgammal
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This study poses the feature correspondence problem as a hypergraph node labeling problem. Candidate feature matches and their subsets (usually of size larger than two) are considered to be the nodes and hyperedges of a hypergraph. A hypergraph labeling algorithm, which models the subset-wise interaction by an undirected graphical model, is applied to label the nodes (feature correspondences) as correct or incorrect. We describe a method to learn the cost function of this labeling algorithm from labeled examples using a graphical model training algorithm. The proposed feature matching algorithm is different from the most of the existing learning point matching methods in terms of the form of the objective function, the cost function to be learned and the optimization method applied to minimize it. The results on standard datasets demonstrate how learning over a hypergraph improves the matching performance over existing algorithms, notably one that also uses higher order information without learning.



### A Fuzzy View on k-Means Based Signal Quantization with Application in Iris Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.2693v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 68U10, 68T10, I.4.6; I.5.1; I.5.3; I.5.4
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.2693v1)
- **Published**: 2011-07-13 22:46:58+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-13 22:46:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Nicolaie Popescu-Bodorin
- **Comment**: 4, pages, 3 figures, 17th Telecommunications Forum TELFOR 2009,
  Belgrade, Serbia
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper shows that the k-means quantization of a signal can be interpreted both as a crisp indicator function and as a fuzzy membership assignment describing fuzzy clusters and fuzzy boundaries. Combined crisp and fuzzy indicator functions are defined here as natural generalizations of the ordinary crisp and fuzzy indicator functions, respectively. An application to iris segmentation is presented together with a demo program.



### Exploring New Directions in Iris Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.2696v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/SYNASC.2009.45
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 68U10, 68T10, 62H35, I.4.6; I.4.9; I.5.4; I.5.3; K.6.5
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.2696v1)
- **Published**: 2011-07-13 23:18:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-13 23:18:57+00:00
- **Authors**: Nicolaie Popescu-Bodorin
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 10 figures, 11th Int. Symp. on Symbolic and Numeric
  Algorithms for Scientific Computing, 2009
- **Journal**: Proc. 11th Int. Symp. on Symbolic and Numeric Algorithms for
  Scientific Computing (2009), CPS-IEEE Computer Society, pp. 384-391, DOI:
  10.1109/SYNASC.2009.45
- **Summary**: A new approach in iris recognition based on Circular Fuzzy Iris Segmentation (CFIS) and Gabor Analytic Iris Texture Binary Encoder (GAITBE) is proposed and tested here. CFIS procedure is designed to guarantee that similar iris segments will be obtained for similar eye images, despite the fact that the degree of occlusion may vary from one image to another. Its result is a circular iris ring (concentric with the pupil) which approximates the actual iris. GAITBE proves better encoding of statistical independence between the iris codes extracted from different irides using Hilbert Transform. Irides from University of Bath Iris Database are binary encoded on two different lengths (768 / 192 bytes) and tested in both single-enrollment and multi-enrollment identification scenarios. All cases illustrate the capacity of the newly proposed methodology to narrow down the distribution of inter-class matching scores, and consequently, to guarantee a steeper descent of the False Accept Rate.



