# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-07-19
### The IHS Transformations Based Image Fusion
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.4396v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.4396v2)
- **Published**: 2011-07-19 06:18:56+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-26 01:08:40+00:00
- **Authors**: Firouz Abdullah Al-Wassai, N. V. Kalyankar, Ali A. Al-Zuky
- **Comment**: Image Fusion, Color Models, IHS, HSV, HSL, YIQ, transformations
- **Journal**: Journal-ref: International Journal of Advanced Research in
  Computer Science,Volume 2, No. 5, Sept-Oct 2011,www.ijarcs.info
- **Summary**: The IHS sharpening technique is one of the most commonly used techniques for sharpening. Different transformations have been developed to transfer a color image from the RGB space to the IHS space. Through literature, it appears that, various scientists proposed alternative IHS transformations and many papers have reported good results whereas others show bad ones as will as not those obtained which the formula of IHS transformation were used. In addition to that, many papers show different formulas of transformation matrix such as IHS transformation. This leads to confusion what is the exact formula of the IHS transformation?. Therefore, the main purpose of this work is to explore different IHS transformation techniques and experiment it as IHS based image fusion. The image fusion performance was evaluated, in this study, using various methods to estimate the quality and degree of information improvement of a fused image quantitatively.



### 3-Phase Recognition Approach to Pseudo 3D Building Generation from 2D Floor Plan
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.3680v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.GR**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.3680v1)
- **Published**: 2011-07-19 10:50:31+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-19 10:50:31+00:00
- **Authors**: Raj Kishen Moloo, Muhammad Ajmal Sheik Dawood, Abu Salmaan Auleear
- **Comment**: 15 pages,12 figures, 2 tables, International Journal of Computer
  Graphics & Animation (IJCGA) Vol.1, No.2, June 2011
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Graphics & Animation (IJCGA)
  Vol.1, No.2, June 2011
- **Summary**: Nowadays three dimension (3D) architectural visualisation has become a powerful tool in the conceptualisation, design and presentation of architectural products in the construction industry, providing realistic interaction and walkthrough on engineering products. Traditional ways of implementing 3D models involves the use of specialised 3D authoring tools along with skilled 3D designers with blueprints of the model and this is a slow and laborious process. The aim of this paper is to automate this process by simply analyzing the blueprint document and generating the 3D scene automatically. For this purpose we have devised a 3-Phase recognition approach to pseudo 3D building generation from 2D floor plan and developed a software accordingly. Our 3-phased 3D building system has been implemented using C, C++ and OpenCV library [24] for the Image Processing module; The Save Module generated an XML file for storing the processed floor plan objects attributes; while the Irrlitch [14] game engine was used to implement the Interactive 3D module. Though still at its infancy, our proposed system gave commendable results. We tested our system on 6 floor plans with complexities ranging from low to high and the results seems to be very promising with an average processing time of around 3s and a 3D generation in 4s. In addition the system provides an interactive walk-though and allows users to modify components.



### Weakly Supervised Learning of Foreground-Background Segmentation using Masked RBMs
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.3823v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.3823v1)
- **Published**: 2011-07-19 19:43:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-19 19:43:10+00:00
- **Authors**: Nicolas Heess, Nicolas Le Roux, John Winn
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: International Conference on Artificial Neural Networks (2011)
- **Summary**: We propose an extension of the Restricted Boltzmann Machine (RBM) that allows the joint shape and appearance of foreground objects in cluttered images to be modeled independently of the background. We present a learning scheme that learns this representation directly from cluttered images with only very weak supervision. The model generates plausible samples and performs foreground-background segmentation. We demonstrate that representing foreground objects independently of the background can be beneficial in recognition tasks.



