# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-07-16
### Fingerprint recognition using standardized fingerprint model
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.3194v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.3194v1)
- **Published**: 2011-07-16 03:04:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-16 03:04:22+00:00
- **Authors**: Le Hoang Thai, Ha Nhat Tam
- **Comment**: 7 pages, 16 figures, 3 tables, IJCSI International Journal of
  Computer Science Issues, Vol. 7, Issue 3, No 7, May 2010
- **Journal**: IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science Issues, Vol. 7,
  Issue 3, No 7, May 2010, ISSN (Online): 1694-0784, ISSN (Print): 1694-0814
- **Summary**: Fingerprint recognition is one of most popular and accuracy Biometric technologies. Nowadays, it is used in many real applications. However, recognizing fingerprints in poor quality images is still a very complex problem. In recent years, many algorithms, models...are given to improve the accuracy of recognition system. This paper discusses on the standardized fingerprint model which is used to synthesize the template of fingerprints. In this model, after pre-processing step, we find the transformation between templates, adjust parameters, synthesize fingerprint, and reduce noises. Then, we use the final fingerprint to match with others in FVC2004 fingerprint database (DB4) to show the capability of the model.



### Facial Expression Classification Based on Multi Artificial Neural Network and Two Dimensional Principal Component Analysis
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.3195v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.3195v1)
- **Published**: 2011-07-16 03:15:40+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-16 03:15:40+00:00
- **Authors**: Thai Le, Phat Tat, Hai Tran
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 16 figures, IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science
  Issues, Vol. 8, Issue 3, No. 1, May 2011
- **Journal**: IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science Issues, Vol. 8,
  Issue 3, No. 1, May 2011, ISSN (Online): 1694-0814, www.IJCSI.org
- **Summary**: Facial expression classification is a kind of image classification and it has received much attention, in recent years. There are many approaches to solve these problems with aiming to increase efficient classification. One of famous suggestions is described as first step, project image to different spaces; second step, in each of these spaces, images are classified into responsive class and the last step, combine the above classified results into the final result. The advantages of this approach are to reflect fulfill and multiform of image classified. In this paper, we use 2D-PCA and its variants to project the pattern or image into different spaces with different grouping strategies. Then we develop a model which combines many Neural Networks applied for the last step. This model evaluates the reliability of each space and gives the final classification conclusion. Our model links many Neural Networks together, so we call it Multi Artificial Neural Network (MANN). We apply our proposal model for 6 basic facial expressions on JAFFE database consisting 213 images posed by 10 Japanese female models.



