# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-07-07
### Prostate biopsy tracking with deformation estimation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.1644v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.media.2011.01.008
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.1644v1)
- **Published**: 2011-07-07 06:31:05+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-07 06:31:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Michael Baumann, Pierre Mozer, Vincent Daanen, Jocelyne Troccaz
- **Comment**: Medical Image Analysis (2011) epub ahead of print
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Transrectal biopsies under 2D ultrasound (US) control are the current clinical standard for prostate cancer diagnosis. The isoechogenic nature of prostate carcinoma makes it necessary to sample the gland systematically, resulting in a low sensitivity. Also, it is difficult for the clinician to follow the sampling protocol accurately under 2D US control and the exact anatomical location of the biopsy cores is unknown after the intervention. Tracking systems for prostate biopsies make it possible to generate biopsy distribution maps for intra- and post-interventional quality control and 3D visualisation of histological results for diagnosis and treatment planning. They can also guide the clinician toward non-ultrasound targets. In this paper, a volume-swept 3D US based tracking system for fast and accurate estimation of prostate tissue motion is proposed. The entirely image-based system solves the patient motion problem with an a priori model of rectal probe kinematics. Prostate deformations are estimated with elastic registration to maximize accuracy. The system is robust with only 17 registration failures out of 786 (2%) biopsy volumes acquired from 47 patients during biopsy sessions. Accuracy was evaluated to 0.76$\pm$0.52mm using manually segmented fiducials on 687 registered volumes stemming from 40 patients. A clinical protocol for assisted biopsy acquisition was designed and implemented as a biopsy assistance system, which allows to overcome the draw-backs of the standard biopsy procedure.



### Vision-Based Navigation II: Error Analysis for a Navigation Algorithm based on Optical-Flow and a Digital Terrain Map
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.1470v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/PLANS.2008.4570040
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI, 68T45, E.5; E.4; E.2; H.1.1; F.1.1; F.1.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.1470v2)
- **Published**: 2011-07-07 18:09:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-08-11 23:14:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Oleg Kupervasser, Ronen Lerner, Ehud Rivlin, Hector Rotstein
- **Comment**: 10 pages,12 figures, 2 tables
- **Journal**: Proceedings of the 2008 IEEE/ION Position, Location and Navigation
  Symposium, P.1203-1212
- **Summary**: The paper deals with the error analysis of a navigation algorithm that uses as input a sequence of images acquired by a moving camera and a Digital Terrain Map (DTM) of the region been imaged by the camera during the motion. The main sources of error are more or less straightforward to identify: camera resolution, structure of the observed terrain and DTM accuracy, field of view and camera trajectory. After characterizing and modeling these error sources in the framework of the CDTM algorithm, a closed form expression for their effect on the pose and motion errors of the camera can be found. The analytic expression provides a priori measurements for the accuracy in terms of the parameters mentioned above.



