# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-07-18
### Arithmetic and Frequency Filtering Methods of Pixel-Based Image Fusion Techniques
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.3348v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.3348v2)
- **Published**: 2011-07-18 01:41:37+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-19 05:20:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Firouz Abdullah Al-Wassai, N. V. Kalyankar, Ali A. Al-Zuky
- **Comment**: Image Fusion, Pixel-Based Fusion, Brovey Transform, Color Normalized,
  High-Pass Filter, Modulation, Wavelet transform
- **Journal**: Journal-ref: International Journal of Advanced Research in
  Computer Science,Volume 2, No. 5, Sept-Oct 2011,www.ijarcs.info
- **Summary**: In remote sensing, image fusion technique is a useful tool used to fuse high spatial resolution panchromatic images (PAN) with lower spatial resolution multispectral images (MS) to create a high spatial resolution multispectral of image fusion (F) while preserving the spectral information in the multispectral image (MS).There are many PAN sharpening techniques or Pixel-Based image fusion techniques that have been developed to try to enhance the spatial resolution and the spectral property preservation of the MS. This paper attempts to undertake the study of image fusion, by using two types of pixel-based image fusion techniques i.e. Arithmetic Combination and Frequency Filtering Methods of Pixel-Based Image Fusion Techniques. The first type includes Brovey Transform (BT), Color Normalized Transformation (CN) and Multiplicative Method (MLT). The second type include High-Pass Filter Additive Method (HPFA), High-Frequency-Addition Method (HFA) High Frequency Modulation Method (HFM) and The Wavelet transform-based fusion method (WT). This paper also devotes to concentrate on the analytical techniques for evaluating the quality of image fusion (F) by using various methods including Standard Deviation (SD), Entropy(En), Correlation Coefficient (CC), Signal-to Noise Ratio (SNR), Normalization Root Mean Square Error (NRMSE) and Deviation Index (DI) to estimate the quality and degree of information improvement of a fused image quantitatively.



### Applying Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer (ASTER) spectral indices for geological mapping and mineral identification on the Tibetan Plateau
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.3499v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **physics.geo-ph**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.3499v1)
- **Published**: 2011-07-18 16:59:30+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-07-18 16:59:30+00:00
- **Authors**: Robert Corrie, Yoshiki Ninomiya, Jonathan Aitchison
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 4 figures, 2 tables, Published in the International Archives
  of the Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing, and Spatial Information Science,
  Volume XXXVIII, pp. 464-469. For associated web page, see
  http://www.isprs.org/proceedings/XXXVIII/part8/headline/PS-1%20Interactive%20PresentationWG%20VIII5.html
- **Journal**: International Archives of the Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing, and
  Spatial Information Science, XXXVIII (2010) 464-469
- **Summary**: The Tibetan Plateau holds clues to understanding the dynamics and mechanisms associated with continental growth. Part of the region is characterized by zones of ophiolitic melange believed to represent the remnants of ancient oceanic crust and underlying upper mantle emplaced during oceanic closures. However, due to the remoteness of the region and the inhospitable terrain many areas have not received detailed investigation. Increased spatial and spectral resolution of satellite sensors have made it possible to map in greater detail the mineralogy and lithology than in the past. Recent work by Yoshiki Ninomiya of the Geological Survey of Japan has pioneered the use of several spectral indices for the mapping of quartzose, carbonate, and silicate rocks using Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer (ASTER) thermal infrared (TIR) data. In this study, ASTER TIR indices have been applied to a region in western-central Tibet for the purposes of assessing their effectiveness for differentiating ophiolites and other lithologies. The results agree well with existing geological maps and other published data. The study area was chosen due to its diverse range of rock types, including an ophiolitic melange, associated with the Bangong-Nujiang suture (BNS) that crops out on the northern shores of Lagkor Tso and Dong Tso ("Tso" is Tibetan for lake). The techniques highlighted in this paper could be applied to other geographical regions where similar geological questions need to be resolved. The results of this study aim to show the utility of ASTER TIR imagery for geological mapping in semi-arid and sparsely vegetated areas on the Tibetan Plateau.



