# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-09-21
### A family of statistical symmetric divergences based on Jensen's inequality
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1009.4004v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IT, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1009.4004v2)
- **Published**: 2010-09-21 06:32:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-12-19 02:31:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Frank Nielsen
- **Comment**: 15 pages, 2 figure
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We introduce a novel parametric family of symmetric information-theoretic distances based on Jensen's inequality for a convex functional generator. In particular, this family unifies the celebrated Jeffreys divergence with the Jensen-Shannon divergence when the Shannon entropy generator is chosen. We then design a generic algorithm to compute the unique centroid defined as the minimum average divergence. This yields a smooth family of centroids linking the Jeffreys to the Jensen-Shannon centroid. Finally, we report on our experimental results.



### Balancing clusters to reduce response time variability in large scale image search
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1009.4739v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1009.4739v1)
- **Published**: 2010-09-21 11:31:02+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-09-21 11:31:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Romain Tavenard, Laurent Amsaleg, Hervé Jégou
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Many algorithms for approximate nearest neighbor search in high-dimensional spaces partition the data into clusters. At query time, in order to avoid exhaustive search, an index selects the few (or a single) clusters nearest to the query point. Clusters are often produced by the well-known $k$-means approach since it has several desirable properties. On the downside, it tends to produce clusters having quite different cardinalities. Imbalanced clusters negatively impact both the variance and the expectation of query response times. This paper proposes to modify $k$-means centroids to produce clusters with more comparable sizes without sacrificing the desirable properties. Experiments with a large scale collection of image descriptors show that our algorithm significantly reduces the variance of response times without seriously impacting the search quality.



