# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-09-30
### How to Extract the Geometry and Topology from Very Large 3D Segmentations
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1009.6215v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CG**, cs.CV, cs.DS
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1009.6215v1)
- **Published**: 2010-09-30 18:24:09+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-09-30 18:24:09+00:00
- **Authors**: Bjoern Andres, Ullrich Koethe, Thorben Kroeger, Fred A. Hamprecht
- **Comment**: C++ source code, free command line tools and MATLAB mex files are
  avilable from http://hci.iwr.uni-heidelberg.de/software.php
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Segmentation is often an essential intermediate step in image analysis. A volume segmentation characterizes the underlying volume image in terms of geometric information--segments, faces between segments, curves in which several faces meet--as well as a topology on these objects. Existing algorithms encode this information in designated data structures, but require that these data structures fit entirely in Random Access Memory (RAM). Today, 3D images with several billion voxels are acquired, e.g. in structural neurobiology. Since these large volumes can no longer be processed with existing methods, we present a new algorithm which performs geometry and topology extraction with a runtime linear in the number of voxels and log-linear in the number of faces and curves. The parallelizable algorithm proceeds in a block-wise fashion and constructs a consistent representation of the entire volume image on the hard drive, making the structure of very large volume segmentations accessible to image analysis. The parallelized C++ source code, free command line tools and MATLAB mex files are avilable from http://hci.iwr.uni-heidelberg.de/software.php



### An Embarrassingly Simple Speed-Up of Belief Propagation with Robust Potentials
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1010.0012v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1010.0012v1)
- **Published**: 2010-09-30 20:17:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-09-30 20:17:03+00:00
- **Authors**: James M. Coughlan, Huiying Shen
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 3 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present an exact method of greatly speeding up belief propagation (BP) for a wide variety of potential functions in pairwise MRFs and other graphical models. Specifically, our technique applies whenever the pairwise potentials have been {\em truncated} to a constant value for most pairs of states, as is commonly done in MRF models with robust potentials (such as stereo) that impose an upper bound on the penalty assigned to discontinuities; for each of the $M$ possible states in one node, only a smaller number $m$ of compatible states in a neighboring node are assigned milder penalties. The computational complexity of our method is $O(mM)$, compared with $O(M^2)$ for standard BP, and we emphasize that the method is {\em exact}, in contrast with related techniques such as pruning; moreover, the method is very simple and easy to implement. Unlike some previous work on speeding up BP, our method applies both to sum-product and max-product BP, which makes it useful in any applications where marginal probabilities are required, such as maximum likelihood estimation. We demonstrate the technique on a stereo MRF example, confirming that the technique speeds up BP without altering the solution.



