# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-09-03
### Weighted Attribute Fusion Model for Face Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1009.0623v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1009.0623v2)
- **Published**: 2010-09-03 10:05:20+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-09-28 15:57:24+00:00
- **Authors**: S. Sakthivel, R. Lakshmipathi
- **Comment**: Keywords - Face Recognition, Feature Fusion Method, Parallel Method,
  PCA, DCT, Histogram Matching
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science and Information
  Security,Vol. 8, No. 3, 2010
- **Summary**: Recognizing a face based on its attributes is an easy task for a human to perform as it is a cognitive process. In recent years, Face Recognition is achieved with different kinds of facial features which were used separately or in a combined manner. Currently, Feature fusion methods and parallel methods are the facial features used and performed by integrating multiple feature sets at different levels. However, this integration and the combinational methods do not guarantee better result. Hence to achieve better results, the feature fusion model with multiple weighted facial attribute set is selected. For this feature model, face images from predefined data set has been taken from Olivetti Research Laboratory (ORL) and applied on different methods like Principal Component Analysis (PCA) based Eigen feature extraction technique, Discrete Cosine Transformation (DCT) based feature extraction technique, Histogram Based Feature Extraction technique and Simple Intensity based features. The extracted feature set obtained from these methods were compared and tested for accuracy. In this work we have developed a model which will use the above set of feature extraction techniques with different levels of weights to attain better accuracy. The results show that the selection of optimum weight for a particular feature will lead to improvement in recognition rate.



