# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-09-25
### Rotation Invariant Face Detection Using Wavelet, PCA and Radial Basis Function Networks
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1009.4974v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1009.4974v1)
- **Published**: 2010-09-25 05:46:31+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-09-25 05:46:31+00:00
- **Authors**: S. M. Kamruzzaman, Firoz Ahmed Siddiqi, Md. Saiful Islam, Md. Emdadul Haque, Mohammad Shamsul Alam
- **Comment**: 5 Pages, International Conference
- **Journal**: 12th International Conference on Human Computer Interaction,
  Beijing, China, Vol. 18, Jul. 2007
- **Summary**: This paper introduces a novel method for human face detection with its orientation by using wavelet, principle component analysis (PCA) and redial basis networks. The input image is analyzed by two-dimensional wavelet and a two-dimensional stationary wavelet. The common goals concern are the image clearance and simplification, which are parts of de-noising or compression. We applied an effective procedure to reduce the dimension of the input vectors using PCA. Radial Basis Function (RBF) neural network is then used as a function approximation network to detect where either the input image is contained a face or not and if there is a face exists then tell about its orientation. We will show how RBF can perform well then back-propagation algorithm and give some solution for better regularization of the RBF (GRNN) network. Compared with traditional RBF networks, the proposed network demonstrates better capability of approximation to underlying functions, faster learning speed, better size of network, and high robustness to outliers.



