# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-09-10
### Evolutionary Computational Method of Facial Expression Analysis for Content-based Video Retrieval using 2-Dimensional Cellular Automata
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1009.1983v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1009.1983v1)
- **Published**: 2010-09-10 11:25:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-09-10 11:25:17+00:00
- **Authors**: P. Geetha, Vasumathi Narayanan
- **Comment**: Submitted to Journal of Computer Science and Engineering, see
  http://sites.google.com/site/jcseuk/volume-2-issue-2-August-2010
- **Journal**: Journal of Computer Science and Engineering, Volume 2, Issue 2,
  p30-39, August 2010
- **Summary**: In this paper, Deterministic Cellular Automata (DCA) based video shot classification and retrieval is proposed. The deterministic 2D Cellular automata model captures the human facial expressions, both spontaneous and posed. The determinism stems from the fact that the facial muscle actions are standardized by the encodings of Facial Action Coding System (FACS) and Action Units (AUs). Based on these encodings, we generate the set of evolutionary update rules of the DCA for each facial expression. We consider a Person-Independent Facial Expression Space (PIFES) to analyze the facial expressions based on Partitioned 2D-Cellular Automata which capture the dynamics of facial expressions and classify the shots based on it. Target video shot is retrieved by comparing the similar expression is obtained for the query frame's face with respect to the key faces expressions in the database video. Consecutive key face expressions in the database that are highly similar to the query frame's face, then the key faces are used to generate the set of retrieved video shots from the database. A concrete example of its application which realizes an affective interaction between the computer and the user is proposed. In the affective interaction, the computer can recognize the facial expression of any given video shot. This interaction endows the computer with certain ability to adapt to the user's feedback.



