# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-08-26
### Gabor wavelet analysis and the fractional Hilbert transform
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0908.3855v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0908.3855v1)
- **Published**: 2009-08-26 16:24:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-08-26 16:24:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Kunal Narayan Chaudhury, Michael Unser
- **Comment**: 7 pages, 1 figure
- **Journal**: SPIE Proceedings: Wavelets XIII 2009
- **Summary**: We propose an amplitude-phase representation of the dual-tree complex wavelet transform (DT-CWT) which provides an intuitive interpretation of the associated complex wavelet coefficients. The representation, in particular, is based on the shifting action of the group of fractional Hilbert transforms (fHT) which allow us to extend the notion of arbitrary phase-shifts beyond pure sinusoids. We explicitly characterize this shifting action for a particular family of Gabor-like wavelets which, in effect, links the corresponding dual-tree transform with the framework of windowed-Fourier analysis.   We then extend these ideas to the bivariate DT-CWT based on certain directional extensions of the fHT. In particular, we derive a signal representation involving the superposition of direction-selective wavelets affected with appropriate phase-shifts.



### Fast adaptive elliptical filtering using box splines
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0908.3861v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICIP.2008.4711872
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0908.3861v2)
- **Published**: 2009-08-26 16:44:42+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-08-27 12:53:35+00:00
- **Authors**: Kunal Narayan Chaudhury, Arrate Munoz Barrutia, Michael Unser
- **Comment**: 9 pages, 1 figure
- **Journal**: Proceedings IEEE International Conference on Image Processing,
  2008
- **Summary**: We demonstrate that it is possible to filter an image with an elliptic window of varying size, elongation and orientation with a fixed computational cost per pixel. Our method involves the application of a suitable global pre-integrator followed by a pointwise-adaptive localization mesh. We present the basic theory for the 1D case using a B-spline formalism and then appropriately extend it to 2D using radially-uniform box splines. The size and ellipticity of these radially-uniform box splines is adaptively controlled. Moreover, they converge to Gaussians as the order increases. Finally, we present a fast and practical directional filtering algorithm that has the capability of adapting to the local image features.



