# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-08-22
### Non-quadratic convex regularized reconstruction of MR images from spiral acquisitions
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0908.3252v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0908.3252v1)
- **Published**: 2009-08-22 14:03:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-08-22 14:03:03+00:00
- **Authors**: R. Boubertakh, J. -F. Giovannelli, A. Herment, A. De Cesare
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Signal Processing, vol. 86, pp. 2479-2494, 2006
- **Summary**: Combining fast MR acquisition sequences and high resolution imaging is a major issue in dynamic imaging. Reducing the acquisition time can be achieved by using non-Cartesian and sparse acquisitions. The reconstruction of MR images from these measurements is generally carried out using gridding that interpolates the missing data to obtain a dense Cartesian k-space filling. The MR image is then reconstructed using a conventional Fast Fourier Transform. The estimation of the missing data unavoidably introduces artifacts in the image that remain difficult to quantify.   A general reconstruction method is proposed to take into account these limitations. It can be applied to any sampling trajectory in k-space, Cartesian or not, and specifically takes into account the exact location of the measured data, without making any interpolation of the missing data in k-space. Information about the expected characteristics of the imaged object is introduced to preserve the spatial resolution and improve the signal to noise ratio in a regularization framework. The reconstructed image is obtained by minimizing a non-quadratic convex objective function. An original rewriting of this criterion is shown to strongly improve the reconstruction efficiency. Results on simulated data and on a real spiral acquisition are presented and discussed.



