# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-08-30
### Handwritten Farsi Character Recognition using Artificial Neural Network
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0908.4386v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0908.4386v1)
- **Published**: 2009-08-30 11:55:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-08-30 11:55:48+00:00
- **Authors**: Reza Gharoie Ahangar, Mohammad Farajpoor Ahangar
- **Comment**: 4 pages IEEE format, International Journal Computer Science and
  Information Security, IJCSIS 2009, ISSN 1947 5500, Impact factor 0.423,
  http://sites.google.com/site/ijcsis/
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science and Information
  Security, IJCSIS, Vol. 4, No. 1 & 2, August 2009, USA
- **Summary**: Neural Networks are being used for character recognition from last many years but most of the work was confined to English character recognition. Till date, a very little work has been reported for Handwritten Farsi Character recognition. In this paper, we have made an attempt to recognize handwritten Farsi characters by using a multilayer perceptron with one hidden layer. The error backpropagation algorithm has been used to train the MLP network. In addition, an analysis has been carried out to determine the number of hidden nodes to achieve high performance of backpropagation network in the recognition of handwritten Farsi characters. The system has been trained using several different forms of handwriting provided by both male and female participants of different age groups. Finally, this rigorous training results an automatic HCR system using MLP network. In this work, the experiments were carried out on two hundred fifty samples of five writers. The results showed that the MLP networks trained by the error backpropagation algorithm are superior in recognition accuracy and memory usage. The result indicates that the backpropagation network provides good recognition accuracy of more than 80% of handwritten Farsi characters.



