# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-11-03
### Sparsity Constrained Graph Regularized NMF for Spectral Unmixing of Hyperspectral Data
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1411.0392v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s12524-014-0408-2
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1411.0392v1)
- **Published**: 2014-11-03 08:41:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-03 08:41:32+00:00
- **Authors**: Roozbeh Rajabi, Hassan Ghassemian
- **Comment**: 10 pages, Journal
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Hyperspectral images contain mixed pixels due to low spatial resolution of hyperspectral sensors. Mixed pixels are pixels containing more than one distinct material called endmembers. The presence percentages of endmembers in mixed pixels are called abundance fractions. Spectral unmixing problem refers to decomposing these pixels into a set of endmembers and abundance fractions. Due to nonnegativity constraint on abundance fractions, nonnegative matrix factorization methods (NMF) have been widely used for solving spectral unmixing problem. In this paper we have used graph regularized NMF (GNMF) method combined with sparseness constraint to decompose mixed pixels in hyperspectral imagery. This method preserves the geometrical structure of data while representing it in low dimensional space. Adaptive regularization parameter based on temperature schedule in simulated annealing method also has been used in this paper for the sparseness term. Proposed algorithm is applied on synthetic and real datasets. Synthetic data is generated based on endmembers from USGS spectral library. AVIRIS Cuprite dataset is used as real dataset for evaluation of proposed method. Results are quantified based on spectral angle distance (SAD) and abundance angle distance (AAD) measures. Results in comparison with other methods show that the proposed method can unmix data more effectively. Specifically for the Cuprite dataset, performance of the proposed method is approximately 10% better than the VCA and Sparse NMF in terms of root mean square of SAD.



### Non Binary Local Gradient Contours for Face Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1411.0442v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1411.0442v1)
- **Published**: 2014-11-03 11:52:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-03 11:52:53+00:00
- **Authors**: Abdullah Gubbi, Mohammad Fazle Azeem, M Sharmila Kumari
- **Comment**: 12 pages
- **Journal**: International Journal of Information Processing, 8(3), 63-74, 2014
- **Summary**: As the features from the traditional Local Binary Patterns (LBP) and Local Directional Patterns (LDP) are found to be ineffective for face recognition, we have proposed a new approach derived on the basis of Information sets whereby the loss of information that occurs during the binarization is eliminated. The information sets expand the scope of fuzzy sets by connecting the attribute and the corresponding membership function value as a product. Since face is having smooth texture in a limited area, the extracted features must be highly discernible. To limit the number of features, we consider only the non overlapping windows. By the application of the information set theory we can reduce the number of feature of an image. The derived features are shown to work fairly well over eigenface, fisherface and LBP methods.



### Affective Facial Expression Processing via Simulation: A Probabilistic Model
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1411.0582v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.bica.2014.11.005
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1411.0582v1)
- **Published**: 2014-11-03 17:50:49+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-03 17:50:49+00:00
- **Authors**: Jonathan Vitale, Mary-Anne Williams, Benjamin Johnston, Giuseppe Boccignone
- **Comment**: Annual International Conference on Biologically Inspired Cognitive
  Architectures - BICA 2014
- **Journal**: Biologically Inspired Cognitive Architectures, Volume 10, October
  2014, Pages 30-41
- **Summary**: Understanding the mental state of other people is an important skill for intelligent agents and robots to operate within social environments. However, the mental processes involved in `mind-reading' are complex. One explanation of such processes is Simulation Theory - it is supported by a large body of neuropsychological research. Yet, determining the best computational model or theory to use in simulation-style emotion detection, is far from being understood.   In this work, we use Simulation Theory and neuroscience findings on Mirror-Neuron Systems as the basis for a novel computational model, as a way to handle affective facial expressions. The model is based on a probabilistic mapping of observations from multiple identities onto a single fixed identity (`internal transcoding of external stimuli'), and then onto a latent space (`phenomenological response'). Together with the proposed architecture we present some promising preliminary results



