# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-11-02
### Geodesic Exponential Kernels: When Curvature and Linearity Conflict
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1411.0296v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1411.0296v2)
- **Published**: 2014-11-02 19:08:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-17 06:22:19+00:00
- **Authors**: Aasa Feragen, Francois Lauze, Søren Hauberg
- **Comment**: 13 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We consider kernel methods on general geodesic metric spaces and provide both negative and positive results. First we show that the common Gaussian kernel can only be generalized to a positive definite kernel on a geodesic metric space if the space is flat. As a result, for data on a Riemannian manifold, the geodesic Gaussian kernel is only positive definite if the Riemannian manifold is Euclidean. This implies that any attempt to design geodesic Gaussian kernels on curved Riemannian manifolds is futile. However, we show that for spaces with conditionally negative definite distances the geodesic Laplacian kernel can be generalized while retaining positive definiteness. This implies that geodesic Laplacian kernels can be generalized to some curved spaces, including spheres and hyperbolic spaces. Our theoretical results are verified empirically.



### High Dynamic Range Imaging by Perceptual Logarithmic Exposure Merging
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1411.0326v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1411.0326v2)
- **Published**: 2014-11-02 21:45:41+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-06-03 11:51:09+00:00
- **Authors**: Corneliu Florea, Constantin Vertan, Laura Florea
- **Comment**: 14 pages 8 figures. Accepted at AMCS journal
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper we emphasize a similarity between the Logarithmic-Type Image Processing (LTIP) model and the Naka-Rushton model of the Human Visual System (HVS). LTIP is a derivation of the Logarithmic Image Processing (LIP), which further replaces the logarithmic function with a ratio of polynomial functions. Based on this similarity, we show that it is possible to present an unifying framework for the High Dynamic Range (HDR) imaging problem, namely that performing exposure merging under the LTIP model is equivalent to standard irradiance map fusion. The resulting HDR algorithm is shown to provide high quality in both subjective and objective evaluations.



