# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-11-09
### Abnormal Object Recognition: A Comprehensive Study
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1411.2214v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1411.2214v1)
- **Published**: 2014-11-09 09:51:06+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-09 09:51:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Babak Saleh, Ali Farhadi, Ahmed Elgammal
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: When describing images, humans tend not to talk about the obvious, but rather mention what they find interesting. We argue that abnormalities and deviations from typicalities are among the most important components that form what is worth mentioning. In this paper we introduce the abnormality detection as a recognition problem and show how to model typicalities and, consequently, meaningful deviations from prototypical properties of categories. Our model can recognize abnormalities and report the main reasons of any recognized abnormality. We introduce the abnormality detection dataset and show interesting results on how to reason about abnormalities.



### Applications of sampling Kantorovich operators to thermographic images for seismic engineering
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1411.2584v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.NA, 41A35, 46E30, 47A58, 47B38, 94A12
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1411.2584v1)
- **Published**: 2014-11-09 18:38:41+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-09 18:38:41+00:00
- **Authors**: Danilo Costarelli, Federico Cluni, Anna Maria Minotti, Gianluca Vinti
- **Comment**: 16 pages, 5 figures, 2 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we present some applications of the multivariate sampling Kantorovich operators $S_w$ to seismic engineering. The mathematical theory of these operators, both in the space of continuous functions and in Orlicz spaces, show how it is possible to approximate/reconstruct multivariate signals, such as images. In particular, to obtain applications for thermographic images a mathematical algorithm is developed using MATLAB and matrix calculus. The setting of Orlicz spaces is important since allow us to reconstruct not necessarily continuous signals by means of $S_w$. The reconstruction of thermographic images of buildings by our sampling Kantorovich algorithm allow us to obtain models for the simulation of the behavior of structures under seismic action. We analyze a real world case study in term of structural analysis and we compare the behavior of the building under seismic action using various models.



