# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-09-26
### Modeling Curiosity in a Mobile Robot for Long-Term Autonomous Exploration and Monitoring
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1509.07975v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s10514-015-9500-x
- **Categories**: **cs.RO**, cs.CV, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1509.07975v1)
- **Published**: 2015-09-26 13:16:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-09-26 13:16:52+00:00
- **Authors**: Yogesh Girdhar, Gregory Dudek
- **Comment**: 20 pages, in-press, Autonomous Robots, 2015. arXiv admin note:
  substantial text overlap with arXiv:1310.6767
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper presents a novel approach to modeling curiosity in a mobile robot, which is useful for monitoring and adaptive data collection tasks, especially in the context of long term autonomous missions where pre-programmed missions are likely to have limited utility. We use a realtime topic modeling technique to build a semantic perception model of the environment, using which, we plan a path through the locations in the world with high semantic information content. The life-long learning behavior of the proposed perception model makes it suitable for long-term exploration missions. We validate the approach using simulated exploration experiments using aerial and underwater data, and demonstrate an implementation on the Aqua underwater robot in a variety of scenarios. We find that the proposed exploration paths that are biased towards locations with high topic perplexity, produce better terrain models with high discriminative power. Moreover, we show that the proposed algorithm implemented on Aqua robot is able to do tasks such as coral reef inspection, diver following, and sea floor exploration, without any prior training or preparation.



### Anomaly Detection in Unstructured Environments using Bayesian Nonparametric Scene Modeling
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1509.07979v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.RO
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1509.07979v2)
- **Published**: 2015-09-26 13:51:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-02-16 02:45:52+00:00
- **Authors**: Yogesh Girdhar, Walter Cho, Matthew Campbell, Jesus Pineda, Elizabeth Clarke, Hanumant Singh
- **Comment**: 6 pages, ICRA 2016
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper explores the use of a Bayesian non-parametric topic modeling technique for the purpose of anomaly detection in video data. We present results from two experiments. The first experiment shows that the proposed technique is automatically able characterize the underlying terrain, and detect anomalous flora in image data collected by an underwater robot. The second experiment shows that the same technique can be used on images from a static camera in a dynamic unstructured environment. In the second dataset, consisting of video data from a static seafloor camera capturing images of a busy coral reef, the proposed technique was able to detect all three instances of an underwater vehicle passing in front of the camera, amongst many other observations of fishes, debris, lighting changes due to surface waves, and benthic flora.



