# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-09-06
### Joint Color-Spatial-Directional clustering and Region Merging (JCSD-RM) for unsupervised RGB-D image segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1509.01788v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TPAMI.2015.2513407
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1509.01788v1)
- **Published**: 2015-09-06 09:02:58+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-09-06 09:02:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Md. Abul Hasnat, Olivier Alata, Alain Trémeau
- **Comment**: submitted to the IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine
  Intelligence (TPAMI)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Recent advances in depth imaging sensors provide easy access to the synchronized depth with color, called RGB-D image. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised method for indoor RGB-D image segmentation and analysis. We consider a statistical image generation model based on the color and geometry of the scene. Our method consists of a joint color-spatial-directional clustering method followed by a statistical planar region merging method. We evaluate our method on the NYU depth database and compare it with existing unsupervised RGB-D segmentation methods. Results show that, it is comparable with the state of the art methods and it needs less computation time. Moreover, it opens interesting perspectives to fuse color and geometry in an unsupervised manner.



### A Total Fractional-Order Variation Model for Image Restoration with Non-homogeneous Boundary Conditions and its Numerical Solution
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1509.04237v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.NA, 62H35, 65N22, 65N55, 74G65, 74G75
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1509.04237v1)
- **Published**: 2015-09-06 12:42:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-09-06 12:42:53+00:00
- **Authors**: Jianping Zhang, Ke Chen
- **Comment**: 26 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: To overcome the weakness of a total variation based model for image restoration, various high order (typically second order) regularization models have been proposed and studied recently. In this paper we analyze and test a fractional-order derivative based total $\alpha$-order variation model, which can outperform the currently popular high order regularization models. There exist several previous works using total $\alpha$-order variations for image restoration; however first no analysis is done yet and second all tested formulations, differing from each other, utilize the zero Dirichlet boundary conditions which are not realistic (while non-zero boundary conditions violate definitions of fractional-order derivatives). This paper first reviews some results of fractional-order derivatives and then analyzes the theoretical properties of the proposed total $\alpha$-order variational model rigorously. It then develops four algorithms for solving the variational problem, one based on the variational Split-Bregman idea and three based on direct solution of the discretise-optimization problem. Numerical experiments show that, in terms of restoration quality and solution efficiency, the proposed model can produce highly competitive results, for smooth images, to two established high order models: the mean curvature and the total generalized variation.



