# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-09-10
### Real-time Sign Language Fingerspelling Recognition using Convolutional Neural Networks from Depth map
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1509.03001v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1509.03001v3)
- **Published**: 2015-09-10 03:58:56+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-10-14 19:15:41+00:00
- **Authors**: Byeongkeun Kang, Subarna Tripathi, Truong Q. Nguyen
- **Comment**: 2015 3rd IAPR Asian Conference on Pattern Recognition (ACPR)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Sign language recognition is important for natural and convenient communication between deaf community and hearing majority. We take the highly efficient initial step of automatic fingerspelling recognition system using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) from depth maps. In this work, we consider relatively larger number of classes compared with the previous literature. We train CNNs for the classification of 31 alphabets and numbers using a subset of collected depth data from multiple subjects. While using different learning configurations, such as hyper-parameter selection with and without validation, we achieve 99.99% accuracy for observed signers and 83.58% to 85.49% accuracy for new signers. The result shows that accuracy improves as we include more data from different subjects during training. The processing time is 3 ms for the prediction of a single image. To the best of our knowledge, the system achieves the highest accuracy and speed. The trained model and dataset is available on our repository.



### STC: A Simple to Complex Framework for Weakly-supervised Semantic Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1509.03150v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TPAMI.2016.2636150
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1509.03150v2)
- **Published**: 2015-09-10 13:45:01+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-12-07 10:59:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Yunchao Wei, Xiaodan Liang, Yunpeng Chen, Xiaohui Shen, Ming-Ming Cheng, Jiashi Feng, Yao Zhao, Shuicheng Yan
- **Comment**: To Appear in IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine
  Intelligence
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence,
  2016
- **Summary**: Recently, significant improvement has been made on semantic object segmentation due to the development of deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs). Training such a DCNN usually relies on a large number of images with pixel-level segmentation masks, and annotating these images is very costly in terms of both finance and human effort. In this paper, we propose a simple to complex (STC) framework in which only image-level annotations are utilized to learn DCNNs for semantic segmentation. Specifically, we first train an initial segmentation network called Initial-DCNN with the saliency maps of simple images (i.e., those with a single category of major object(s) and clean background). These saliency maps can be automatically obtained by existing bottom-up salient object detection techniques, where no supervision information is needed. Then, a better network called Enhanced-DCNN is learned with supervision from the predicted segmentation masks of simple images based on the Initial-DCNN as well as the image-level annotations. Finally, more pixel-level segmentation masks of complex images (two or more categories of objects with cluttered background), which are inferred by using Enhanced-DCNN and image-level annotations, are utilized as the supervision information to learn the Powerful-DCNN for semantic segmentation. Our method utilizes $40$K simple images from Flickr.com and 10K complex images from PASCAL VOC for step-wisely boosting the segmentation network. Extensive experimental results on PASCAL VOC 2012 segmentation benchmark well demonstrate the superiority of the proposed STC framework compared with other state-of-the-arts.



### A deep matrix factorization method for learning attribute representations
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1509.03248v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1509.03248v1)
- **Published**: 2015-09-10 17:57:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-09-10 17:57:03+00:00
- **Authors**: George Trigeorgis, Konstantinos Bousmalis, Stefanos Zafeiriou, Bjoern W. Schuller
- **Comment**: Submitted to TPAMI (16-Mar-2015)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Semi-Non-negative Matrix Factorization is a technique that learns a low-dimensional representation of a dataset that lends itself to a clustering interpretation. It is possible that the mapping between this new representation and our original data matrix contains rather complex hierarchical information with implicit lower-level hidden attributes, that classical one level clustering methodologies can not interpret. In this work we propose a novel model, Deep Semi-NMF, that is able to learn such hidden representations that allow themselves to an interpretation of clustering according to different, unknown attributes of a given dataset. We also present a semi-supervised version of the algorithm, named Deep WSF, that allows the use of (partial) prior information for each of the known attributes of a dataset, that allows the model to be used on datasets with mixed attribute knowledge. Finally, we show that our models are able to learn low-dimensional representations that are better suited for clustering, but also classification, outperforming Semi-Non-negative Matrix Factorization, but also other state-of-the-art methodologies variants.



### Rigid Multiview Varieties
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1509.03257v2
- **DOI**: 10.1142/S021819671650034X
- **Categories**: **math.AG**, cs.CV, math.AC, 14M99, 68T45
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1509.03257v2)
- **Published**: 2015-09-10 18:33:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-07-05 09:37:09+00:00
- **Authors**: Michael Joswig, Joe Kileel, Bernd Sturmfels, André Wagner
- **Comment**: 12 pages, 1 figure
- **Journal**: Int. J. Algebra Comput. 26 (2016) 775-788
- **Summary**: The multiview variety from computer vision is generalized to images by $n$ cameras of points linked by a distance constraint. The resulting five-dimensional variety lives in a product of $2n$ projective planes. We determine defining polynomial equations, and we explore generalizations of this variety to scenarios of interest in applications.



