# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2008-07-13
### Intrusion Detection Using Cost-Sensitive Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0807.2043v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CR**, cs.CV, cs.NI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0807.2043v1)
- **Published**: 2008-07-13 16:54:13+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-07-13 16:54:13+00:00
- **Authors**: Aikaterini Mitrokotsa, Christos Dimitrakakis, Christos Douligeris
- **Comment**: 13 pages, 6 figures, presented at EC2ND 2007
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Intrusion Detection is an invaluable part of computer networks defense. An important consideration is the fact that raising false alarms carries a significantly lower cost than not detecting at- tacks. For this reason, we examine how cost-sensitive classification methods can be used in Intrusion Detection systems. The performance of the approach is evaluated under different experimental conditions, cost matrices and different classification models, in terms of expected cost, as well as detection and false alarm rates. We find that even under unfavourable conditions, cost-sensitive classification can improve performance significantly, if only slightly.



### The Five Points Pose Problem : A New and Accurate Solution Adapted to any Geometric Configuration
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0807.2047v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0807.2047v3)
- **Published**: 2008-07-13 18:37:06+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-07-16 15:20:03+00:00
- **Authors**: Mahzad Kalantari, Franck Jung, JeanPierre Guedon, Nicolas Paparoditis
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The goal of this paper is to estimate directly the rotation and translation between two stereoscopic images with the help of five homologous points. The methodology presented does not mix the rotation and translation parameters, which is comparably an important advantage over the methods using the well-known essential matrix. This results in correct behavior and accuracy for situations otherwise known as quite unfavorable, such as planar scenes, or panoramic sets of images (with a null base length), while providing quite comparable results for more "standard" cases. The resolution of the algebraic polynomials resulting from the modeling of the coplanarity constraint is made with the help of powerful algebraic solver tools (the Groebner bases and the Rational Univariate Representation).



