# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-06-07
### Biometric Authentication using Nonparametric Methods
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1006.1187v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijcsit.2010.2309
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1006.1187v1)
- **Published**: 2010-06-07 07:15:37+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-06-07 07:15:37+00:00
- **Authors**: S. V. Sheela, K. R. Radhika
- **Comment**: 20 pages
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science and Information
  Technology 2.3 (2010) 114-133
- **Summary**: The physiological and behavioral trait is employed to develop biometric authentication systems. The proposed work deals with the authentication of iris and signature based on minimum variance criteria. The iris patterns are preprocessed based on area of the connected components. The segmented image used for authentication consists of the region with large variations in the gray level values. The image region is split into quadtree components. The components with minimum variance are determined from the training samples. Hu moments are applied on the components. The summation of moment values corresponding to minimum variance components are provided as input vector to k-means and fuzzy kmeans classifiers. The best performance was obtained for MMU database consisting of 45 subjects. The number of subjects with zero False Rejection Rate [FRR] was 44 and number of subjects with zero False Acceptance Rate [FAR] was 45. This paper addresses the computational load reduction in off-line signature verification based on minimal features using k-means, fuzzy k-means, k-nn, fuzzy k-nn and novel average-max approaches. FRR of 8.13% and FAR of 10% was achieved using k-nn classifier. The signature is a biometric, where variations in a genuine case, is a natural expectation. In the genuine signature, certain parts of signature vary from one instance to another. The system aims to provide simple, fast and robust system using less number of features when compared to state of art works.



### C-HiLasso: A Collaborative Hierarchical Sparse Modeling Framework
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1006.1346v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TSP.2011.2157912
- **Categories**: **stat.ML**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1006.1346v2)
- **Published**: 2010-06-07 19:46:56+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-03-04 11:58:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Pablo Sprechmann, Ignacio Ramírez, Guillermo Sapiro, Yonina Eldar
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Sparse modeling is a powerful framework for data analysis and processing. Traditionally, encoding in this framework is performed by solving an L1-regularized linear regression problem, commonly referred to as Lasso or Basis Pursuit. In this work we combine the sparsity-inducing property of the Lasso model at the individual feature level, with the block-sparsity property of the Group Lasso model, where sparse groups of features are jointly encoded, obtaining a sparsity pattern hierarchically structured. This results in the Hierarchical Lasso (HiLasso), which shows important practical modeling advantages. We then extend this approach to the collaborative case, where a set of simultaneously coded signals share the same sparsity pattern at the higher (group) level, but not necessarily at the lower (inside the group) level, obtaining the collaborative HiLasso model (C-HiLasso). Such signals then share the same active groups, or classes, but not necessarily the same active set. This model is very well suited for applications such as source identification and separation. An efficient optimization procedure, which guarantees convergence to the global optimum, is developed for these new models. The underlying presentation of the new framework and optimization approach is complemented with experimental examples and theoretical results regarding recovery guarantees for the proposed models.



