# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-11-21
### Enhancement of Image Resolution by Binarization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1111.4800v1
- **DOI**: 10.5120/1519-1942
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1111.4800v1)
- **Published**: 2011-11-21 09:47:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-11-21 09:47:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Aroop Mukherjee, Soumen Kanrar
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 8 figures
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Applications 10(10):15-19, 2010
- **Summary**: Image segmentation is one of the principal approaches of image processing. The choice of the most appropriate Binarization algorithm for each case proved to be a very interesting procedure itself. In this paper, we have done the comparison study between the various algorithms based on Binarization algorithms and propose a methodologies for the validation of Binarization algorithms. In this work we have developed two novel algorithms to determine threshold values for the pixels value of the gray scale image. The performance estimation of the algorithm utilizes test images with, the evaluation metrics for Binarization of textual and synthetic images. We have achieved better resolution of the image by using the Binarization method of optimum thresholding techniques.



### Distributed Multi-view Matching in Networks with Limited Communications
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1111.4840v4
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MA, cs.RO
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1111.4840v4)
- **Published**: 2011-11-21 11:55:01+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-04-11 09:10:29+00:00
- **Authors**: Eduardo Montijano, Rosario Aragues, Carlos Sagues
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We address the problem of distributed matching of features in networks with vision systems. Every camera in the network has limited communication capabilities and can only exchange local matches with its neighbors. We propose a distributed algorithm that takes these local matches and computes global correspondences by a proper propagation in the network. When the algorithm finishes, each camera knows the global correspondences between its features and the features of all the cameras in the network. The presence of spurious introduced by the local matcher may produce inconsistent global correspondences, which are association paths between features from the same camera. The contributions of this work are the propagation of the local matches and the detection and resolution of these inconsistencies by deleting local matches. Our resolution algorithm considers the quality of each local match, when this information is provided by the local matcher. We formally prove that after executing the algorithm, the network finishes with a global data association free of inconsistencies. We provide a fully decentralized solution to the problem which does not rely on any particular communication topology. Simulations and experimental results with real images show the performance of the method considering different features, matching functions and scenarios.



