# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-11-14
### A prototype system for handwritten sub-word recognition: Toward Arabic-manuscript transliteration
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1111.3281v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ISSPA.2012.6310473
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1111.3281v1)
- **Published**: 2011-11-14 17:03:42+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-11-14 17:03:42+00:00
- **Authors**: Reza Farrahi Moghaddam, Mohamed Cheriet, Thomas Milo, Robert Wisnovsky
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 7 figures, 6 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A prototype system for the transliteration of diacritics-less Arabic manuscripts at the sub-word or part of Arabic word (PAW) level is developed. The system is able to read sub-words of the input manuscript using a set of skeleton-based features. A variation of the system is also developed which reads archigraphemic Arabic manuscripts, which are dot-less, into archigraphemes transliteration. In order to reduce the complexity of the original highly multiclass problem of sub-word recognition, it is redefined into a set of binary descriptor classifiers. The outputs of trained binary classifiers are combined to generate the sequence of sub-word letters. SVMs are used to learn the binary classifiers. Two specific Arabic databases have been developed to train and test the system. One of them is a database of the Naskh style. The initial results are promising. The systems could be trained on other scripts found in Arabic manuscripts.



