# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-11-04
### A robust, low-cost approach to Face Detection and Face Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1111.1090v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CR, eess.IV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1111.1090v1)
- **Published**: 2011-11-04 10:36:43+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-11-04 10:36:43+00:00
- **Authors**: Divya Jyoti, Aman Chadha, Pallavi Vaidya, M. Mani Roja
- **Comment**: discrete wavelet transform, face detection, face recognition, person
  identification
- **Journal**: CiiT International Journal of Digital Image Processing, Vol. 15,
  No. 10, October 2011, ISSN 0974 - 9691 (Print) & ISSN 0974 - 9586 (Online)
- **Summary**: In the domain of Biometrics, recognition systems based on iris, fingerprint or palm print scans etc. are often considered more dependable due to extremely low variance in the properties of these entities with respect to time. However, over the last decade data processing capability of computers has increased manifold, which has made real-time video content analysis possible. This shows that the need of the hour is a robust and highly automated Face Detection and Recognition algorithm with credible accuracy rate. The proposed Face Detection and Recognition system using Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT) accepts face frames as input from a database containing images from low cost devices such as VGA cameras, webcams or even CCTV's, where image quality is inferior. Face region is then detected using properties of L*a*b* color space and only Frontal Face is extracted such that all additional background is eliminated. Further, this extracted image is converted to grayscale and its dimensions are resized to 128 x 128 pixels. DWT is then applied to entire image to obtain the coefficients. Recognition is carried out by comparison of the DWT coefficients belonging to the test image with those of the registered reference image. On comparison, Euclidean distance classifier is deployed to validate the test image from the database. Accuracy for various levels of DWT Decomposition is obtained and hence, compared.



### Securing Biometric Images using Reversible Watermarking
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1111.1093v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1111.1093v1)
- **Published**: 2011-11-04 10:50:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-11-04 10:50:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Sabu M. Thampi, Ann Jisma Jacob
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: International Journal of Image Processing (IJIP), Volume:
  5,Issue:4, September/October 2011
- **Summary**: Biometric security is a fast growing area. Protecting biometric data is very important since it can be misused by attackers. In order to increase security of biometric data there are different methods in which watermarking is widely accepted. A more acceptable, new important development in this area is reversible watermarking in which the original image can be completely restored and the watermark can be retrieved. But reversible watermarking in biometrics is an understudied area. Reversible watermarking maintains high quality of biometric data. This paper proposes Rotational Replacement of LSB as a reversible watermarking scheme for biometric images. PSNR is the regular method used for quality measurement of biometric data. In this paper we also show that SSIM Index is a better alternate for effective quality assessment for reversible watermarked biometric data by comparing with the well known reversible watermarking scheme using Difference Expansion.



