# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-11-06
### Speculative Parallel Evaluation Of Classification Trees On GPGPU Compute Engines
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1111.1373v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.DC**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1111.1373v1)
- **Published**: 2011-11-06 04:49:31+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-11-06 04:49:31+00:00
- **Authors**: Jason Spencer
- **Comment**: 14 pages, 4 figures, 5 algorithms
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We examine the problem of optimizing classification tree evaluation for on-line and real-time applications by using GPUs. Looking at trees with continuous attributes often used in image segmentation, we first put the existing algorithms for serial and data-parallel evaluation on solid footings. We then introduce a speculative parallel algorithm designed for single instruction, multiple data (SIMD) architectures commonly found in GPUs. A theoretical analysis shows how the run times of data and speculative decompositions compare assuming independent processors. To compare the algorithms in the SIMD environment, we implement both on a CUDA 2.0 architecture machine and compare timings to a serial CPU implementation. Various optimizations and their effects are discussed, and results are given for all algorithms. Our specific tests show a speculative algorithm improves run time by 25% compared to a data decomposition.



### Face Recognition Using Discrete Cosine Transform for Global and Local Features
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1111.1423v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICONRAEeCE.2011.6129742
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CR, cs.IT, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1111.1423v1)
- **Published**: 2011-11-06 14:05:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-11-06 14:05:53+00:00
- **Authors**: Aman R. Chadha, Pallavi P. Vaidya, M. Mani Roja
- **Comment**: face recognition; biometrics; person identification; authentication;
  discrete cosine transform; DCT; global local features; Proceedings of the
  2011 International Conference on Recent Advancements in Electrical,
  Electronics and Control Engineering (IConRAEeCE) IEEE Xplore: CFP1153R-ART;
  ISBN: 978-1-4577-2149-6
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Face Recognition using Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) for Local and Global Features involves recognizing the corresponding face image from the database. The face image obtained from the user is cropped such that only the frontal face image is extracted, eliminating the background. The image is restricted to a size of 128 x 128 pixels. All images in the database are gray level images. DCT is applied to the entire image. This gives DCT coefficients, which are global features. Local features such as eyes, nose and mouth are also extracted and DCT is applied to these features. Depending upon the recognition rate obtained for each feature, they are given weightage and then combined. Both local and global features are used for comparison. By comparing the ranks for global and local features, the false acceptance rate for DCT can be minimized.



