# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-11-30
### Determining a rotation of a tetrahedron from a projection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1111.7100v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **math.MG**, cs.CG, cs.CV, 52B10 68U05, 68W30 (Primary) 05E18 (Secondary)
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1111.7100v2)
- **Published**: 2011-11-30 09:51:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-09 16:10:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Richard J. Gardner, Paolo Gronchi, Thorsten Theobald
- **Comment**: 16 pages, 3 figures; minor revision based on reviewers' comments
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The following problem, arising from medical imaging, is addressed: Suppose that $T$ is a known tetrahedron in $\R^3$ with centroid at the origin. Also known is the orthogonal projection $U$ of the vertices of the image $\phi T$ of $T$ under an unknown rotation $\phi$ about the origin. Under what circumstances can $\phi$ be determined from $T$ and $U$?



### Invariant texture analysis through Local Binary Patterns
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1111.7271v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1111.7271v1)
- **Published**: 2011-11-30 18:58:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-11-30 18:58:53+00:00
- **Authors**: Rodrigo Nava, Gabriel Cristóbal, Boris Escalante-Ramírez
- **Comment**: 7 figures, 3 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In many image processing applications, such as segmentation and classification, the selection of robust features descriptors is crucial to improve the discrimination capabilities in real world scenarios. In particular, it is well known that image textures constitute power visual cues for feature extraction and classification. In the past few years the local binary pattern (LBP) approach, a texture descriptor method proposed by Ojala et al., has gained increased acceptance due to its computational simplicity and more importantly for encoding a powerful signature for describing textures. However, the original algorithm presents some limitations such as noise sensitivity and its lack of rotational invariance which have led to many proposals or extensions in order to overcome such limitations. In this paper we performed a quantitative study of the Ojala's original LBP proposal together with other recently proposed LBP extensions in the presence of rotational, illumination and noisy changes. In the experiments we have considered two different databases: Brodatz and CUReT for different sizes of LBP masks. Experimental results demonstrated the effectiveness and robustness of the described texture descriptors for images that are subjected to geometric or radiometric changes.



