# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-10-06
### Rotation, Scaling and Translation Analysis of Biometric Signature Templates
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.1208v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CR, cs.IT, cs.MM, eess.IV, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1110.1208v1)
- **Published**: 2011-10-06 10:20:34+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-10-06 10:20:34+00:00
- **Authors**: Aman Chadha, Divya Jyoti, M. Mani Roja
- **Comment**: rotation; scaling; translation; RST; image registration; signature
  verification
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Technology and Applications, Vol
  2 No 5, 2011, 1419 - 1425
- **Summary**: Biometric authentication systems that make use of signature verification methods often render optimum performance only under limited and restricted conditions. Such methods utilize several training samples so as to achieve high accuracy. Moreover, several constraints are imposed on the end-user so that the system may work optimally, and as expected. For example, the user is made to sign within a small box, in order to limit their signature to a predefined set of dimensions, thus eliminating scaling. Moreover, the angular rotation with respect to the referenced signature that will be inadvertently introduced as human error, hampers performance of biometric signature verification systems. To eliminate this, traditionally, a user is asked to sign exactly on top of a reference line. In this paper, we propose a robust system that optimizes the signature obtained from the user for a large range of variation in Rotation-Scaling-Translation (RST) and resolves these error parameters in the user signature according to the reference signature stored in the database.



### Runtime Guarantees for Regression Problems
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.1358v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.DS**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1110.1358v2)
- **Published**: 2011-10-06 19:24:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-09-07 18:23:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Hui Han Chin, Aleksander Madry, Gary Miller, Richard Peng
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We study theoretical runtime guarantees for a class of optimization problems that occur in a wide variety of inference problems. these problems are motivated by the lasso framework and have applications in machine learning and computer vision.   Our work shows a close connection between these problems and core questions in algorithmic graph theory. While this connection demonstrates the difficulties of obtaining runtime guarantees, it also suggests an approach of using techniques originally developed for graph algorithms.   We then show that most of these problems can be formulated as a grouped least squares problem, and give efficient algorithms for this formulation. Our algorithms rely on routines for solving quadratic minimization problems, which in turn are equivalent to solving linear systems. Finally we present some experimental results on applying our approximation algorithm to image processing problems.



