# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-10-25
### Face Recognition Based on SVM and 2DPCA
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.5404v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1110.5404v1)
- **Published**: 2011-10-25 03:54:51+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-10-25 03:54:51+00:00
- **Authors**: Thai Hoang Le, Len Bui
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 7 figures, 2 tables, International Journal of Signal
  Processing, Image Processing and Pattern Recognition Vol. 4, No. 3,
  September, 2011
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The paper will present a novel approach for solving face recognition problem. Our method combines 2D Principal Component Analysis (2DPCA), one of the prominent methods for extracting feature vectors, and Support Vector Machine (SVM), the most powerful discriminative method for classification. Experiments based on proposed method have been conducted on two public data sets FERET and AT&T; the results show that the proposed method could improve the classification rates.



### Hand Tracking based on Hierarchical Clustering of Range Data
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.5450v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 68U10, I.4.6
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1110.5450v1)
- **Published**: 2011-10-25 09:24:25+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-10-25 09:24:25+00:00
- **Authors**: Roberto Cespi, Andreas Kolb, Marvin Lindner
- **Comment**: Technical Report
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Fast and robust hand segmentation and tracking is an essential basis for gesture recognition and thus an important component for contact-less human-computer interaction (HCI). Hand gesture recognition based on 2D video data has been intensively investigated. However, in practical scenarios purely intensity based approaches suffer from uncontrollable environmental conditions like cluttered background colors. In this paper we present a real-time hand segmentation and tracking algorithm using Time-of-Flight (ToF) range cameras and intensity data. The intensity and range information is fused into one pixel value, representing its combined intensity-depth homogeneity. The scene is hierarchically clustered using a GPU based parallel merging algorithm, allowing a robust identification of both hands even for inhomogeneous backgrounds. After the detection, both hands are tracked on the CPU. Our tracking algorithm can cope with the situation that one hand is temporarily covered by the other hand.



