# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-10-23
### Spectral descriptors for deformable shapes
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.5015v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CG, cs.GR, math.DG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1110.5015v1)
- **Published**: 2011-10-23 04:26:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-10-23 04:26:03+00:00
- **Authors**: Alexander M. Bronstein
- **Comment**: Preprint
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Informative and discriminative feature descriptors play a fundamental role in deformable shape analysis. For example, they have been successfully employed in correspondence, registration, and retrieval tasks. In the recent years, significant attention has been devoted to descriptors obtained from the spectral decomposition of the Laplace-Beltrami operator associated with the shape. Notable examples in this family are the heat kernel signature (HKS) and the wave kernel signature (WKS). Laplacian-based descriptors achieve state-of-the-art performance in numerous shape analysis tasks; they are computationally efficient, isometry-invariant by construction, and can gracefully cope with a variety of transformations. In this paper, we formulate a generic family of parametric spectral descriptors. We argue that in order to be optimal for a specific task, the descriptor should take into account the statistics of the corpus of shapes to which it is applied (the "signal") and those of the class of transformations to which it is made insensitive (the "noise"). While such statistics are hard to model axiomatically, they can be learned from examples. Following the spirit of the Wiener filter in signal processing, we show a learning scheme for the construction of optimal spectral descriptors and relate it to Mahalanobis metric learning. The superiority of the proposed approach is demonstrated on the SHREC'10 benchmark.



### Absolute Uniqueness of Phase Retrieval with Random Illumination
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.5097v7
- **DOI**: 10.1088/0266-5611/28/7/075008
- **Categories**: **physics.optics**, cs.CV, math-ph, math.MP
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1110.5097v7)
- **Published**: 2011-10-23 23:40:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-20 22:36:28+00:00
- **Authors**: Albert Fannjiang
- **Comment**: 21 pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: Inverse Problems 28 (2012) 075008
- **Summary**: Random illumination is proposed to enforce absolute uniqueness and resolve all types of ambiguity, trivial or nontrivial, from phase retrieval. Almost sure irreducibility is proved for any complex-valued object of a full rank support. While the new irreducibility result can be viewed as a probabilistic version of the classical result by Bruck, Sodin and Hayes, it provides a novel perspective and an effective method for phase retrieval.   In particular, almost sure uniqueness, up to a global phase, is proved for complex-valued objects under general two-point conditions. Under a tight sector constraint absolute uniqueness is proved to hold with probability exponentially close to unity as the object sparsity increases. Under a magnitude constraint with random amplitude illumination, uniqueness modulo global phase is proved to hold with probability exponentially close to unity as object sparsity increases. For general complex-valued objects without any constraint, almost sure uniqueness up to global phase is established with two sets of Fourier magnitude data under two independent illuminations. Numerical experiments suggest that random illumination essentially alleviates most, if not all, numerical problems commonly associated with the standard phasing algorithms.



