# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-10-07
### A Face Recognition Scheme using Wavelet Based Dominant Features
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.1485v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1110.1485v1)
- **Published**: 2011-10-07 11:16:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-10-07 11:16:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Hafiz Imtiaz, Shaikh Anowarul Fattah
- **Comment**: 12 pages, 12 figures, Published in Signal and Image Processing: An
  International Journal Vol 2 No 3
- **Journal**: Signal and Image Processing: An International Journal, Vol. 2, No.
  3, Sept 2011
- **Summary**: In this paper, a multi-resolution feature extraction algorithm for face recognition is proposed based on two-dimensional discrete wavelet transform (2D-DWT), which efficiently exploits the local spatial variations in a face image. For the purpose of feature extraction, instead of considering the entire face image, an entropy-based local band selection criterion is developed, which selects high-informative horizontal segments from the face image. In order to capture the local spatial variations within these highinformative horizontal bands precisely, the horizontal band is segmented into several small spatial modules. Dominant wavelet coefficients corresponding to each local region residing inside those horizontal bands are selected as features. In the selection of the dominant coefficients, a threshold criterion is proposed, which not only drastically reduces the feature dimension but also provides high within-class compactness and high between-class separability. A principal component analysis is performed to further reduce the dimensionality of the feature space. Extensive experimentation is carried out upon standard face databases and a very high degree of recognition accuracy is achieved by the proposed method in comparison to those obtained by some of the existing methods.



### A Comparative Experiment of Several Shape Methods in Recognizing Plants
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.1509v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijcsit.2011.3318
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1110.1509v1)
- **Published**: 2011-10-07 12:43:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-10-07 12:43:38+00:00
- **Authors**: A. Kadir, L. E. Nugroho, A. Susanto, P. I. Santosa
- **Comment**: 8 pages; International Journal of Computer Science & Information
  Technology (IJCSIT), Vol 3, No 3, June 2011
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Shape is an important aspects in recognizing plants. Several approaches have been introduced to identify objects, including plants. Combination of geometric features such as aspect ratio, compactness, and dispersion, or moments such as moment invariants were usually used toidentify plants. In this research, a comparative experiment of 4 methods to identify plants using shape features was accomplished. Two approaches have never been used in plants identification yet, Zernike moments and Polar Fourier Transform (PFT), were incorporated. The experimental comparison was done on 52 kinds of plants with various shapes. The result, PFT gave best performance with 64% in accuracy and outperformed the other methods.



### Foliage Plant Retrieval using Polar Fourier Transform, Color Moments and Vein Features
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.1513v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/sipij.2011.2301
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1110.1513v1)
- **Published**: 2011-10-07 13:00:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-10-07 13:00:03+00:00
- **Authors**: Abdul Kadir, Lukito Edi Nugroho, Adhi Susanto, Paulus Insap Santosa
- **Comment**: 13 pages; Signal & Image Processing : An International Journal
  (SIPIJ) Vol.2, No.3, September 2011
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper proposed a method that combines Polar Fourier Transform, color moments, and vein features to retrieve leaf images based on a leaf image. The method is very useful to help people in recognizing foliage plants. Foliage plants are plants that have various colors and unique patterns in the leaf. Therefore, the colors and its patterns are information that should be counted on in the processing of plant identification. To compare the performance of retrieving system to other result, the experiments used Flavia dataset, which is very popular in recognizing plants. The result shows that the method gave better performance than PNN, SVM, and Fourier Transform. The method was also tested using foliage plants with various colors. The accuracy was 90.80% for 50 kinds of plants.



