# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-07-08
### Multi-environment model estimation for motility analysis of Caenorhabditis Elegans
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1007.1398v1
- **DOI**: 10.1371/journal.pone.0011631
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1007.1398v1)
- **Published**: 2010-07-08 15:10:05+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-07-08 15:10:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Raphael Sznitman, Manaswi Gupta, Gregory D. Hager, Paulo E. Arratia, Josue Sznitman
- **Comment**: 21 pages, 8 figures, accepted in: PLoS ONE (2010)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The nematode Caenorhabditis elegans is a well-known model organism used to investigate fundamental questions in biology. Motility assays of this small roundworm are designed to study the relationships between genes and behavior. Commonly, motility analysis is used to classify nematode movements and characterize them quantitatively. Over the past years, C. elegans' motility has been studied across a wide range of environments, including crawling on substrates, swimming in fluids, and locomoting through microfluidic substrates. However, each environment often requires customized image processing tools relying on heuristic parameter tuning. In the present study, we propose a novel Multi-Environment Model Estimation (MEME) framework for automated image segmentation that is versatile across various environments. The MEME platform is constructed around the concept of Mixture of Gaussian (MOG) models, where statistical models for both the background environment and the nematode appearance are explicitly learned and used to accurately segment a target nematode. Our method is designed to simplify the burden often imposed on users; here, only a single image which includes a nematode in its environment must be provided for model learning. In addition, our platform enables the extraction of nematode `skeletons' for straightforward motility quantification. We test our algorithm on various locomotive environments and compare performances with an intensity-based thresholding method. Overall, MEME outperforms the threshold-based approach for the overwhelming majority of cases examined. Ultimately, MEME provides researchers with an attractive platform for C. elegans' segmentation and `skeletonizing' across a wide range of motility assays.



### Improved RANSAC performance using simple, iterative minimal-set solvers
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1007.1432v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1007.1432v1)
- **Published**: 2010-07-08 18:12:49+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-07-08 18:12:49+00:00
- **Authors**: Edward Rosten, Gerhard Reitmayr, Tom Drummond
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: RANSAC is a popular technique for estimating model parameters in the presence of outliers. The best speed is achieved when the minimum possible number of points is used to estimate hypotheses for the model. Many useful problems can be represented using polynomial constraints (for instance, the determinant of a fundamental matrix must be zero) and so have a number of solutions which are consistent with a minimal set. A considerable amount of effort has been expended on finding the constraints of such problems, and these often require the solution of systems of polynomial equations. We show that better performance can be achieved by using a simple optimization based approach on minimal sets. For a given minimal set, the optimization approach is not guaranteed to converge to the correct solution. However, when used within RANSAC the greater speed and numerical stability results in better performance overall, and much simpler algorithms. We also show that by selecting more than the minimal number of points and using robust optimization can yield better results for very noisy by reducing the number of trials required. The increased speed of our method demonstrated with experiments on essential matrix estimation.



