# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-07-01
### Survey of Nearest Neighbor Techniques
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1007.0085v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1007.0085v1)
- **Published**: 2010-07-01 06:53:50+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-07-01 06:53:50+00:00
- **Authors**: Nitin Bhatia, Vandana
- **Comment**: 4 pages, 1 table
- **Journal**: IJCSIS vol. 8, No. 2, 2010 pp. 302-305
- **Summary**: The nearest neighbor (NN) technique is very simple, highly efficient and effective in the field of pattern recognition, text categorization, object recognition etc. Its simplicity is its main advantage, but the disadvantages can't be ignored even. The memory requirement and computation complexity also matter. Many techniques are developed to overcome these limitations. NN techniques are broadly classified into structure less and structure based techniques. In this paper, we present the survey of such techniques. Weighted kNN, Model based kNN, Condensed NN, Reduced NN, Generalized NN are structure less techniques whereas k-d tree, ball tree, Principal Axis Tree, Nearest Feature Line, Tunable NN, Orthogonal Search Tree are structure based algorithms developed on the basis of kNN. The structure less method overcome memory limitation and structure based techniques reduce the computational complexity.



### Uncertainty of visual measurement and efficient allocation of sensory resources
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1007.0210v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **q-bio.NC**, cs.CV, cs.IT, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1007.0210v2)
- **Published**: 2010-07-01 16:37:34+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-05-03 00:57:19+00:00
- **Authors**: Sergei Gepshtein, Ivan Tyukin
- **Comment**: 8 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We review the reasoning underlying two approaches to combination of sensory uncertainties. First approach is noncommittal, making no assumptions about properties of uncertainty or parameters of stimulation. Then we explain the relationship between this approach and the one commonly used in modeling "higher level" aspects of sensory systems, such as in visual cue integration, where assumptions are made about properties of stimulation. The two approaches follow similar logic, except in one case maximal uncertainty is minimized, and in the other minimal certainty is maximized. Then we demonstrate how optimal solutions are found to the problem of resource allocation under uncertainty.



