# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-07-07
### Registration of Brain Images using Fast Walsh Hadamard Transform
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1007.1048v1
- **DOI**: 10.5120/1745-2053
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1007.1048v1)
- **Published**: 2010-07-07 04:49:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-07-07 04:49:16+00:00
- **Authors**: D. Sasikala, R. Neelaveni
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 37 figures, 12 tables
- **Journal**: (IJCSIS) International Journal of Computer Science and Information
  Security, Vol. 8, No. 2, May 2010
- **Summary**: A lot of image registration techniques have been developed with great significance for data analysis in medicine, astrophotography, satellite imaging and few other areas. This work proposes a method for medical image registration using Fast Walsh Hadamard transform. This algorithm registers images of the same or different modalities. Each image bit is lengthened in terms of Fast Walsh Hadamard basis functions. Each basis function is a notion of determining various aspects of local structure, e.g., horizontal edge, corner, etc. These coefficients are normalized and used as numerals in a chosen number system which allows one to form a unique number for each type of local structure. The experimental results show that Fast Walsh Hadamard transform accomplished better results than the conventional Walsh transform in the time domain. Also Fast Walsh Hadamard transform is more reliable in medical image registration consuming less time.



