# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-02-22
### Efficient Semidefinite Spectral Clustering via Lagrange Duality
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1402.5497v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1402.5497v1)
- **Published**: 2014-02-22 09:39:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-02-22 09:39:52+00:00
- **Authors**: Yan Yan, Chunhua Shen, Hanzi Wang
- **Comment**: 13 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We propose an efficient approach to semidefinite spectral clustering (SSC), which addresses the Frobenius normalization with the positive semidefinite (p.s.d.) constraint for spectral clustering. Compared with the original Frobenius norm approximation based algorithm, the proposed algorithm can more accurately find the closest doubly stochastic approximation to the affinity matrix by considering the p.s.d. constraint. In this paper, SSC is formulated as a semidefinite programming (SDP) problem. In order to solve the high computational complexity of SDP, we present a dual algorithm based on the Lagrange dual formalization. Two versions of the proposed algorithm are proffered: one with less memory usage and the other with faster convergence rate. The proposed algorithm has much lower time complexity than that of the standard interior-point based SDP solvers. Experimental results on both UCI data sets and real-world image data sets demonstrate that 1) compared with the state-of-the-art spectral clustering methods, the proposed algorithm achieves better clustering performance; and 2) our algorithm is much more efficient and can solve larger-scale SSC problems than those standard interior-point SDP solvers.



### Structure Tensor Based Image Interpolation Method
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1402.5564v3
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.aeue.2014.10.022
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1402.5564v3)
- **Published**: 2014-02-22 23:58:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-12-26 08:18:31+00:00
- **Authors**: Ahmadreza Baghaie, Zeyun Yu
- **Comment**: Accepted for publication in AEU - International Journal of
  Electronics and Communications
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Feature preserving image interpolation is an active area in image processing field. In this paper a new direct edge directed image super-resolution algorithm based on structure tensors is proposed. Using an isotropic Gaussian filter, the structure tensor at each pixel of the input image is computed and the pixels are classified to three distinct classes; uniform region, corners and edges, according to the eigenvalues of the structure tensor. Due to application of the isotropic Gaussian filter, the classification is robust to noise presented in image. Based on the tangent eigenvector of the structure tensor, the edge direction is determined and used for interpolation along the edges. In comparison to some previous edge directed image interpolation methods, the proposed method achieves higher quality in both subjective and objective aspects. Also the proposed method outperforms previous methods in case of noisy and JPEG compressed images. Furthermore, without the need for optimization in the process, the algorithm can achieve higher speed.



