# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-02-03
### A Robust Framework for Moving-Object Detection and Vehicular Traffic Density Estimation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1402.0289v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.RO, cs.SY
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1402.0289v1)
- **Published**: 2014-02-03 06:17:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-02-03 06:17:57+00:00
- **Authors**: Pranam Janney, Glenn Geers
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Intelligent machines require basic information such as moving-object detection from videos in order to deduce higher-level semantic information. In this paper, we propose a methodology that uses a texture measure to detect moving objects in video. The methodology is computationally inexpensive, requires minimal parameter fine-tuning and also is resilient to noise, illumination changes, dynamic background and low frame rate. Experimental results show that performance of the proposed approach is higher than those of state-of-the-art approaches. We also present a framework for vehicular traffic density estimation using the foreground object detection technique and present a comparison between the foreground object detection-based framework and the classical density state modelling-based framework for vehicular traffic density estimation.



### Fine-Grained Visual Categorization via Multi-stage Metric Learning
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1402.0453v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1402.0453v2)
- **Published**: 2014-02-03 18:20:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-06-04 17:28:51+00:00
- **Authors**: Qi Qian, Rong Jin, Shenghuo Zhu, Yuanqing Lin
- **Comment**: in CVPR 2015
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Fine-grained visual categorization (FGVC) is to categorize objects into subordinate classes instead of basic classes. One major challenge in FGVC is the co-occurrence of two issues: 1) many subordinate classes are highly correlated and are difficult to distinguish, and 2) there exists the large intra-class variation (e.g., due to object pose). This paper proposes to explicitly address the above two issues via distance metric learning (DML). DML addresses the first issue by learning an embedding so that data points from the same class will be pulled together while those from different classes should be pushed apart from each other; and it addresses the second issue by allowing the flexibility that only a portion of the neighbors (not all data points) from the same class need to be pulled together. However, feature representation of an image is often high dimensional, and DML is known to have difficulty in dealing with high dimensional feature vectors since it would require $\mathcal{O}(d^2)$ for storage and $\mathcal{O}(d^3)$ for optimization. To this end, we proposed a multi-stage metric learning framework that divides the large-scale high dimensional learning problem to a series of simple subproblems, achieving $\mathcal{O}(d)$ computational complexity. The empirical study with FVGC benchmark datasets verifies that our method is both effective and efficient compared to the state-of-the-art FGVC approaches.



