# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-02-07
### Performance of Hull-Detection Algorithms For Proton Computed Tomography Reconstruction
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1402.1720v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1402.1720v1)
- **Published**: 2014-02-07 17:58:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-02-07 17:58:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Blake Schultze, Micah Witt, Yair Censor, Reinhard Schulte, Keith Evan Schubert
- **Comment**: Contemporary Mathematics, accepted for publication
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Proton computed tomography (pCT) is a novel imaging modality developed for patients receiving proton radiation therapy. The purpose of this work was to investigate hull-detection algorithms used for preconditioning of the large and sparse linear system of equations that needs to be solved for pCT image reconstruction. The hull-detection algorithms investigated here included silhouette/space carving (SC), modified silhouette/space carving (MSC), and space modeling (SM). Each was compared to the cone-beam version of filtered backprojection (FBP) used for hull-detection. Data for testing these algorithms included simulated data sets of a digital head phantom and an experimental data set of a pediatric head phantom obtained with a pCT scanner prototype at Loma Linda University Medical Center. SC was the fastest algorithm, exceeding the speed of FBP by more than 100 times. FBP was most sensitive to the presence of noise. Ongoing work will focus on optimizing threshold parameters in order to define a fast and efficient method for hull-detection in pCT image reconstruction.



### Active Clustering with Model-Based Uncertainty Reduction
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1402.1783v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV, stat.ML, 62H30, H.2.8; H.3.3; I.5.3; I.4.9
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1402.1783v2)
- **Published**: 2014-02-07 22:13:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-02-14 02:53:32+00:00
- **Authors**: Caiming Xiong, David Johnson, Jason J. Corso
- **Comment**: 14 pages, 8 figures, submitted to TPAMI (second version just fixes a
  missing reference and format)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Semi-supervised clustering seeks to augment traditional clustering methods by incorporating side information provided via human expertise in order to increase the semantic meaningfulness of the resulting clusters. However, most current methods are \emph{passive} in the sense that the side information is provided beforehand and selected randomly. This may require a large number of constraints, some of which could be redundant, unnecessary, or even detrimental to the clustering results. Thus in order to scale such semi-supervised algorithms to larger problems it is desirable to pursue an \emph{active} clustering method---i.e. an algorithm that maximizes the effectiveness of the available human labor by only requesting human input where it will have the greatest impact. Here, we propose a novel online framework for active semi-supervised spectral clustering that selects pairwise constraints as clustering proceeds, based on the principle of uncertainty reduction. Using a first-order Taylor expansion, we decompose the expected uncertainty reduction problem into a gradient and a step-scale, computed via an application of matrix perturbation theory and cluster-assignment entropy, respectively. The resulting model is used to estimate the uncertainty reduction potential of each sample in the dataset. We then present the human user with pairwise queries with respect to only the best candidate sample. We evaluate our method using three different image datasets (faces, leaves and dogs), a set of common UCI machine learning datasets and a gene dataset. The results validate our decomposition formulation and show that our method is consistently superior to existing state-of-the-art techniques, as well as being robust to noise and to unknown numbers of clusters.



