# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-02-25
### Precision Enhancement of 3D Surfaces from Multiple Compressed Depth Maps
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1405.2062v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/LSP.2015.2423372
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.2062v1)
- **Published**: 2014-02-25 01:00:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-02-25 01:00:19+00:00
- **Authors**: Pengfei Wan, Gene Cheung, Philip A. Chou, Dinei Florencio, Cha Zhang, Oscar C. Au
- **Comment**: This work was accepted as ongoing work paper in IEEE MMSP'2013
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In texture-plus-depth representation of a 3D scene, depth maps from different camera viewpoints are typically lossily compressed via the classical transform coding / coefficient quantization paradigm. In this paper we propose to reduce distortion of the decoded depth maps due to quantization. The key observation is that depth maps from different viewpoints constitute multiple descriptions (MD) of the same 3D scene. Considering the MD jointly, we perform a POCS-like iterative procedure to project a reconstructed signal from one depth map to the other and back, so that the converged depth maps have higher precision than the original quantized versions.



### A DCT Approximation for Image Compression
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1402.6034v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/LSP.2011.2163394
- **Categories**: **cs.MM**, cs.CV, stat.ME
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1402.6034v1)
- **Published**: 2014-02-25 02:49:01+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-02-25 02:49:01+00:00
- **Authors**: R. J. Cintra, F. M. Bayer
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 6 figures
- **Journal**: IEEE Signal Processing Letters, 18(10):579-582, October 2011
- **Summary**: An orthogonal approximation for the 8-point discrete cosine transform (DCT) is introduced. The proposed transformation matrix contains only zeros and ones; multiplications and bit-shift operations are absent. Close spectral behavior relative to the DCT was adopted as design criterion. The proposed algorithm is superior to the signed discrete cosine transform. It could also outperform state-of-the-art algorithms in low and high image compression scenarios, exhibiting at the same time a comparable computational complexity.



