# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-02-02
### Collaborative Receptive Field Learning
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1402.0170v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, cs.MM, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1402.0170v1)
- **Published**: 2014-02-02 10:11:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-02-02 10:11:57+00:00
- **Authors**: Shu Kong, Zhuolin Jiang, Qiang Yang
- **Comment**: 16 pages, 8 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The challenge of object categorization in images is largely due to arbitrary translations and scales of the foreground objects. To attack this difficulty, we propose a new approach called collaborative receptive field learning to extract specific receptive fields (RF's) or regions from multiple images, and the selected RF's are supposed to focus on the foreground objects of a common category. To this end, we solve the problem by maximizing a submodular function over a similarity graph constructed by a pool of RF candidates. However, measuring pairwise distance of RF's for building the similarity graph is a nontrivial problem. Hence, we introduce a similarity metric called pyramid-error distance (PED) to measure their pairwise distances through summing up pyramid-like matching errors over a set of low-level features. Besides, in consistent with the proposed PED, we construct a simple nonparametric classifier for classification. Experimental results show that our method effectively discovers the foreground objects in images, and improves classification performance.



### Graph Cuts with Interacting Edge Costs - Examples, Approximations, and Algorithms
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1402.0240v4
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.DS**, cs.CV, cs.DM, math.OC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1402.0240v4)
- **Published**: 2014-02-02 20:03:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-03-26 22:52:52+00:00
- **Authors**: Stefanie Jegelka, Jeff Bilmes
- **Comment**: 46 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We study an extension of the classical graph cut problem, wherein we replace the modular (sum of edge weights) cost function by a submodular set function defined over graph edges. Special cases of this problem have appeared in different applications in signal processing, machine learning, and computer vision. In this paper, we connect these applications via the generic formulation of "cooperative graph cuts", for which we study complexity, algorithms, and connections to polymatroidal network flows. Finally, we compare the proposed algorithms empirically.



