# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-04-19
### Unified Structured Learning for Simultaneous Human Pose Estimation and Garment Attribute Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1404.4923v3
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2014.2358082
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1404.4923v3)
- **Published**: 2014-04-19 04:51:06+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-09-22 19:09:38+00:00
- **Authors**: Jie Shen, Guangcan Liu, Jia Chen, Yuqiang Fang, Jianbin Xie, Yong Yu, Shuicheng Yan
- **Comment**: Accepted to IEEE Trans. on Image Processing
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we utilize structured learning to simultaneously address two intertwined problems: human pose estimation (HPE) and garment attribute classification (GAC), which are valuable for a variety of computer vision and multimedia applications. Unlike previous works that usually handle the two problems separately, our approach aims to produce a jointly optimal estimation for both HPE and GAC via a unified inference procedure. To this end, we adopt a preprocessing step to detect potential human parts from each image (i.e., a set of "candidates") that allows us to have a manageable input space. In this way, the simultaneous inference of HPE and GAC is converted to a structured learning problem, where the inputs are the collections of candidate ensembles, the outputs are the joint labels of human parts and garment attributes, and the joint feature representation involves various cues such as pose-specific features, garment-specific features, and cross-task features that encode correlations between human parts and garment attributes. Furthermore, we explore the "strong edge" evidence around the potential human parts so as to derive more powerful representations for oriented human parts. Such evidences can be seamlessly integrated into our structured learning model as a kind of energy function, and the learning process could be performed by standard structured Support Vector Machines (SVM) algorithm. However, the joint structure of the two problems is a cyclic graph, which hinders efficient inference. To resolve this issue, we compute instead approximate optima by using an iterative procedure, where in each iteration the variables of one problem are fixed. In this way, satisfactory solutions can be efficiently computed by dynamic programming. Experimental results on two benchmark datasets show the state-of-the-art performance of our approach.



### Geometric Abstraction from Noisy Image-Based 3D Reconstructions
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1404.4942v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1404.4942v1)
- **Published**: 2014-04-19 09:55:00+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-04-19 09:55:00+00:00
- **Authors**: Thomas Holzmann, Christof Hoppe, Stefan Kluckner, Horst Bischof
- **Comment**: Part of the OAGM 2014 proceedings (arXiv:1404.3538)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Creating geometric abstracted models from image-based scene reconstructions is difficult due to noise and irregularities in the reconstructed model. In this paper, we present a geometric modeling method for noisy reconstructions dominated by planar horizontal and orthogonal vertical structures. We partition the scene into horizontal slices and create an inside/outside labeling represented by a floor plan for each slice by solving an energy minimization problem. Consecutively, we create an irregular discretization of the volume according to the individual floor plans and again label each cell as inside/outside by minimizing an energy function. By adjusting the smoothness parameter, we introduce different levels of detail. In our experiments, we show results with varying regularization levels using synthetically generated and real-world data.



