# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-04-13
### Learning Deep Convolutional Features for MRI Based Alzheimer's Disease Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1404.3366v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1404.3366v2)
- **Published**: 2014-04-13 10:45:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-04-28 01:20:20+00:00
- **Authors**: Fayao Liu, Chunhua Shen
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author due to an error in the
  MRI data used in the experiments
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Effective and accurate diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease (AD) or mild cognitive impairment (MCI) can be critical for early treatment and thus has attracted more and more attention nowadays. Since first introduced, machine learning methods have been gaining increasing popularity for AD related research. Among the various identified biomarkers, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are widely used for the prediction of AD or MCI. However, before a machine learning algorithm can be applied, image features need to be extracted to represent the MRI images. While good representations can be pivotal to the classification performance, almost all the previous studies typically rely on human labelling to find the regions of interest (ROI) which may be correlated to AD, such as hippocampus, amygdala, precuneus, etc. This procedure requires domain knowledge and is costly and tedious.   Instead of relying on extraction of ROI features, it is more promising to remove manual ROI labelling from the pipeline and directly work on the raw MRI images. In other words, we can let the machine learning methods to figure out these informative and discriminative image structures for AD classification. In this work, we propose to learn deep convolutional image features using unsupervised and supervised learning. Deep learning has emerged as a powerful tool in the machine learning community and has been successfully applied to various tasks. We thus propose to exploit deep features of MRI images based on a pre-trained large convolutional neural network (CNN) for AD and MCI classification, which spares the effort of manual ROI annotation process.



