# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-04-06
### Fast Supervised Hashing with Decision Trees for High-Dimensional Data
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1404.1561v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/CVPR.2014.253
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1404.1561v2)
- **Published**: 2014-04-06 10:42:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-05-28 00:25:43+00:00
- **Authors**: Guosheng Lin, Chunhua Shen, Qinfeng Shi, Anton van den Hengel, David Suter
- **Comment**: Appearing in Proc. IEEE Conf. Computer Vision and Pattern
  Recognition, 2014, Ohio, USA
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Supervised hashing aims to map the original features to compact binary codes that are able to preserve label based similarity in the Hamming space. Non-linear hash functions have demonstrated the advantage over linear ones due to their powerful generalization capability. In the literature, kernel functions are typically used to achieve non-linearity in hashing, which achieve encouraging retrieval performance at the price of slow evaluation and training time. Here we propose to use boosted decision trees for achieving non-linearity in hashing, which are fast to train and evaluate, hence more suitable for hashing with high dimensional data. In our approach, we first propose sub-modular formulations for the hashing binary code inference problem and an efficient GraphCut based block search method for solving large-scale inference. Then we learn hash functions by training boosted decision trees to fit the binary codes. Experiments demonstrate that our proposed method significantly outperforms most state-of-the-art methods in retrieval precision and training time. Especially for high-dimensional data, our method is orders of magnitude faster than many methods in terms of training time.



