# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-04-10
### Real-time Decolorization using Dominant Colors
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1404.2728v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.GR**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1404.2728v2)
- **Published**: 2014-04-10 08:25:20+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-04-22 02:26:25+00:00
- **Authors**: Wei Hu, Wei Li, Fan Zhang, Qian Du
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author due to some errors in
  equation 9 related descriptions
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Decolorization is the process to convert a color image or video to its grayscale version, and it has received great attention in recent years. An ideal decolorization algorithm should preserve the original color contrast as much as possible. Meanwhile, it should provide the final decolorized result as fast as possible. However, most of the current methods are suffering from either unsatisfied color information preservation or high computational cost, limiting their application value. In this paper, a simple but effective technique is proposed for real-time decolorization. Based on the typical rgb2gray() color conversion model, which produces a grayscale image by linearly combining R, G, and B channels, we propose a dominant color hypothesis and a corresponding distance measurement metric to evaluate the quality of grayscale conversion. The local optimum scheme provides several "good" candidates in a confidence interval, from which the "best" result can be extracted. Experimental results demonstrate that remarkable simplicity of the proposed method facilitates the process of high resolution images and videos in real-time using a common CPU.



### Real Time Speckle Image De-Noising
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1405.6166v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.6166v1)
- **Published**: 2014-04-10 12:17:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-04-10 12:17:52+00:00
- **Authors**: D. Sachin Kumar, P. R. Seshadri, N. Vaishnav, Dr. Saraswathi Janaki
- **Comment**: 9 pages
- **Journal**: Advances in Vision Computing: An International Journal (AVC)
  Vol.1, No.1, March 2014
- **Summary**: The paper presents real time speckle de-noising based on activity computation algorithm and wavelet transform. Speckles arise in an image when laser light is reflected from an illuminated surface. The process involves detection of speckles in an image by obtaining a number of frames of the same object under different illumination or angle and comparing the frames for the granular computation and de-noising the same on presence of greater activity index. The project can be implemented in FPGA (Field Programmable Gate Array) technology. The results can be shown that the used activity computation algorithm and wavelet transform has better accuracy in the process of speckle detection and de-noising.



