# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-04-03
### GPU Accelerated Fractal Image Compression for Medical Imaging in Parallel Computing Platform
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1404.0774v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.DC**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1404.0774v1)
- **Published**: 2014-04-03 06:27:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-04-03 06:27:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Md. Enamul Haque, Abdullah Al Kaisan, Mahmudur R Saniat, Aminur Rahman
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we implemented both sequential and parallel version of fractal image compression algorithms using CUDA (Compute Unified Device Architecture) programming model for parallelizing the program in Graphics Processing Unit for medical images, as they are highly similar within the image itself. There are several improvement in the implementation of the algorithm as well. Fractal image compression is based on the self similarity of an image, meaning an image having similarity in majority of the regions. We take this opportunity to implement the compression algorithm and monitor the effect of it using both parallel and sequential implementation. Fractal compression has the property of high compression rate and the dimensionless scheme. Compression scheme for fractal image is of two kind, one is encoding and another is decoding. Encoding is very much computational expensive. On the other hand decoding is less computational. The application of fractal compression to medical images would allow obtaining much higher compression ratios. While the fractal magnification an inseparable feature of the fractal compression would be very useful in presenting the reconstructed image in a highly readable form. However, like all irreversible methods, the fractal compression is connected with the problem of information loss, which is especially troublesome in the medical imaging. A very time consuming encoding pro- cess, which can last even several hours, is another bothersome drawback of the fractal compression.



### Resolving Multi-path Interference in Time-of-Flight Imaging via Modulation Frequency Diversity and Sparse Regularization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1404.1116v1
- **DOI**: 10.1364/OL.39.001705
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IT, math.IT, physics.optics
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1404.1116v1)
- **Published**: 2014-04-03 23:22:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-04-03 23:22:48+00:00
- **Authors**: Ayush Bhandari, Achuta Kadambi, Refael Whyte, Christopher Barsi, Micha Feigin, Adrian Dorrington, Ramesh Raskar
- **Comment**: 11 Pages, 4 figures, appeared with minor changes in Optics Letters
- **Journal**: Optics Letters, Vol. 39, Issue 6, pp. 1705-1708 (2014)
- **Summary**: Time-of-flight (ToF) cameras calculate depth maps by reconstructing phase shifts of amplitude-modulated signals. For broad illumination or transparent objects, reflections from multiple scene points can illuminate a given pixel, giving rise to an erroneous depth map. We report here a sparsity regularized solution that separates K-interfering components using multiple modulation frequency measurements. The method maps ToF imaging to the general framework of spectral estimation theory and has applications in improving depth profiles and exploiting multiple scattering.



