# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-04-04
### An Efficient Two-Stage Sparse Representation Method
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1404.1129v2
- **DOI**: 10.1142/S0218001416510010
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, G.1.6; I.4.10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1404.1129v2)
- **Published**: 2014-04-04 01:57:25+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-25 14:31:31+00:00
- **Authors**: Chengyu Peng, Hong Cheng, Manchor Ko
- **Comment**: 21 pages, 2 figures, 4 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: There are a large number of methods for solving under-determined linear inverse problem. Many of them have very high time complexity for large datasets. We propose a new method called Two-Stage Sparse Representation (TSSR) to tackle this problem. We decompose the representing space of signals into two parts, the measurement dictionary and the sparsifying basis. The dictionary is designed to approximate a sub-Gaussian distribution to exploit its concentration property. We apply sparse coding to the signals on the dictionary in the first stage, and obtain the training and testing coefficients respectively. Then we design the basis to approach an identity matrix in the second stage, to acquire the Restricted Isometry Property (RIP) and universality property. The testing coefficients are encoded over the basis and the final representing coefficients are obtained. We verify that the projection of testing coefficients onto the basis is a good approximation of the signal onto the representing space. Since the projection is conducted on a much sparser space, the runtime is greatly reduced. For concrete realization, we provide an instance for the proposed TSSR. Experiments on four biometrics databases show that TSSR is effective and efficient, comparing with several classical methods for solving linear inverse problem.



### Recognition of Handwritten MODI Numerals using Hu and Zernike features
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1404.1151v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1404.1151v3)
- **Published**: 2014-04-04 04:31:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-10-27 13:17:22+00:00
- **Authors**: Sadanand A. Kulkarni, Prashant L. Borde, Ramesh R. Manza, Pravin L. Yannawar
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author due to the paper was
  rejected by journal with a reson "paper was not suitable for the journal"
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Handwritten automatic character recognition has attracted many researchers all over the world to contribute automatic character recognition domain. Shape identification and feature extraction is very important part of any character recognition system and success of method is highly dependent on selection of features. However feature extraction is the most important step in defining the shape of the character as precisely and as uniquely as possible. This is indeed the most important step and complex task as well and achieved success by using invariance property, irrespective of position and orientation. Zernike moments describes shape, identify rotation invariant due to its Orthogonality property. MODI is an ancient script of India had cursive and complex representation of characters. The work described in this paper presents efficiency of Zernike moments over Hus moment for automatic recognition of handwritten MODI numerals.



