# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-11-17
### Modeling Image Structure with Factorized Phase-Coupled Boltzmann Machines
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1011.4058v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cond-mat.dis-nn, q-bio.NC, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1011.4058v1)
- **Published**: 2010-11-17 20:55:02+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-11-17 20:55:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Charles F. Cadieu, Kilian Koepsell
- **Comment**: 11 pages, 6 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We describe a model for capturing the statistical structure of local amplitude and local spatial phase in natural images. The model is based on a recently developed, factorized third-order Boltzmann machine that was shown to be effective at capturing higher-order structure in images by modeling dependencies among squared filter outputs (Ranzato and Hinton, 2010). Here, we extend this model to $L_p$-spherically symmetric subspaces. In order to model local amplitude and phase structure in images, we focus on the case of two dimensional subspaces, and the $L_2$-norm. When trained on natural images the model learns subspaces resembling quadrature-pair Gabor filters. We then introduce an additional set of hidden units that model the dependencies among subspace phases. These hidden units form a combinatorial mixture of phase coupling distributions, concentrated in the sum and difference of phase pairs. When adapted to natural images, these distributions capture local spatial phase structure in natural images.



