# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-11-10
### Single Frame Image super Resolution using Learned Directionlets
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1011.2272v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1011.2272v1)
- **Published**: 2010-11-10 04:43:44+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-11-10 04:43:44+00:00
- **Authors**: A. P. Reji, Thomas Tessamma
- **Comment**: 14 pages,6 figures
- **Journal**: International Journal of Artificial Intelligence & Applications
  (IJAIA), Vol.1, No.4, October 2010
- **Summary**: In this paper, a new directionally adaptive, learning based, single image super resolution method using multiple direction wavelet transform, called Directionlets is presented. This method uses directionlets to effectively capture directional features and to extract edge information along different directions of a set of available high resolution images .This information is used as the training set for super resolving a low resolution input image and the Directionlet coefficients at finer scales of its high-resolution image are learned locally from this training set and the inverse Directionlet transform recovers the super-resolved high resolution image. The simulation results showed that the proposed approach outperforms standard interpolation techniques like Cubic spline interpolation as well as standard Wavelet-based learning, both visually and in terms of the mean squared error (mse) values. This method gives good result with aliased images also.



### Image Segmentation with Multidimensional Refinement Indicators
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1011.2292v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **math.NA**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1011.2292v3)
- **Published**: 2010-11-10 08:17:05+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-05-23 08:12:22+00:00
- **Authors**: Hend Ben Ameur, Guy Chavent, Francois Clément, Pierre Weis
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: N&deg; RR-7446 (2010)
- **Summary**: We transpose an optimal control technique to the image segmentation problem. The idea is to consider image segmentation as a parameter estimation problem. The parameter to estimate is the color of the pixels of the image. We use the adaptive parameterization technique which builds iteratively an optimal representation of the parameter into uniform regions that form a partition of the domain, hence corresponding to a segmentation of the image. We minimize an error function during the iterations, and the partition of the image into regions is optimally driven by the gradient of this error. The resulting segmentation algorithm inherits desirable properties from its optimal control origin: soundness, robustness, and flexibility.



