# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-11-12
### Bounded Multivariate Surfaces On Monovariate Internal Functions
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1011.3019v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1011.3019v1)
- **Published**: 2010-11-12 19:48:13+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-11-12 19:48:13+00:00
- **Authors**: Shriprakash Sinha, Gert J. ter Horst
- **Comment**: 23 pages, 15 figures, 1 table
- **Journal**: IEEE Intl. Conf. on Image Processing, Brussels, Sept. 11 to 14,
  2011
- **Summary**: Combining the properties of monovariate internal functions as proposed in Kolmogorov superimposition theorem, in tandem with the bounds wielded by the multivariate formulation of Chebyshev inequality, a hybrid model is presented, that decomposes images into homogeneous probabilistically bounded multivariate surfaces. Given an image, the model shows a novel way of working on reduced image representation while processing and capturing the interaction among the multidimensional information that describes the content of the same. Further, it tackles the practical issues of preventing leakage by bounding the growth of surface and reducing the problem sample size. The model if used, also sheds light on how the Chebyshev parameter relates to the number of pixels and the dimensionality of the feature space that associates with a pixel. Initial segmentation results on the Berkeley image segmentation benchmark indicate the effectiveness of the proposed decomposition algorithm.



### Classification with Scattering Operators
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1011.3023v4
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1011.3023v4)
- **Published**: 2010-11-12 20:15:25+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-11-20 16:42:37+00:00
- **Authors**: Joan Bruna, Stéphane Mallat
- **Comment**: 6 pages. CVPR 2011
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A scattering vector is a local descriptor including multiscale and multi-direction co-occurrence information. It is computed with a cascade of wavelet decompositions and complex modulus. This scattering representation is locally translation invariant and linearizes deformations. A supervised classification algorithm is computed with a PCA model selection on scattering vectors. State of the art results are obtained for handwritten digit recognition and texture classification.



