# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-11-03
### Performance Analysis of Spectral Clustering on Compressed, Incomplete and Inaccurate Measurements
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1011.0997v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **math.NA**, cs.CV, math.FA, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1011.0997v1)
- **Published**: 2010-11-03 20:02:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-11-03 20:02:35+00:00
- **Authors**: Blake Hunter, Thomas Strohmer
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Spectral clustering is one of the most widely used techniques for extracting the underlying global structure of a data set. Compressed sensing and matrix completion have emerged as prevailing methods for efficiently recovering sparse and partially observed signals respectively. We combine the distance preserving measurements of compressed sensing and matrix completion with the power of robust spectral clustering. Our analysis provides rigorous bounds on how small errors in the affinity matrix can affect the spectral coordinates and clusterability. This work generalizes the current perturbation results of two-class spectral clustering to incorporate multi-class clustering with k eigenvectors. We thoroughly track how small perturbation from using compressed sensing and matrix completion affect the affinity matrix and in succession the spectral coordinates. These perturbation results for multi-class clustering require an eigengap between the kth and (k+1)th eigenvalues of the affinity matrix, which naturally occurs in data with k well-defined clusters. Our theoretical guarantees are complemented with numerical results along with a number of examples of the unsupervised organization and clustering of image data.



### Featureless 2D-3D Pose Estimation by Minimising an Illumination-Invariant Loss
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1011.1035v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1011.1035v1)
- **Published**: 2010-11-03 23:44:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-11-03 23:44:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Srimal Jayawardena, Marcus Hutter, Nathan Brewer
- **Comment**: 18 LaTeX pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: Proc. 13th International Conf. on Digital Image Computing:
  Techniques and Applications (DICTA-2011) 37--44
- **Summary**: The problem of identifying the 3D pose of a known object from a given 2D image has important applications in Computer Vision ranging from robotic vision to image analysis. Our proposed method of registering a 3D model of a known object on a given 2D photo of the object has numerous advantages over existing methods: It does neither require prior training nor learning, nor knowledge of the camera parameters, nor explicit point correspondences or matching features between image and model. Unlike techniques that estimate a partial 3D pose (as in an overhead view of traffic or machine parts on a conveyor belt), our method estimates the complete 3D pose of the object, and works on a single static image from a given view, and under varying and unknown lighting conditions. For this purpose we derive a novel illumination-invariant distance measure between 2D photo and projected 3D model, which is then minimised to find the best pose parameters. Results for vehicle pose detection are presented.



