# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-01-23
### On the Dual Formulation of Boosting Algorithms
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0901.3590v7
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TPAMI.2010.47
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0901.3590v7)
- **Published**: 2009-01-23 02:14:42+00:00
- **Updated**: 2023-05-27 06:50:26+00:00
- **Authors**: Chunhua Shen, Hanxi Li
- **Comment**: Fixed typos. 16 pages. Published in IEEE Transactions on Pattern
  Analysis and Machine Intelligence (TPAMI), Dec. 2010
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We study boosting algorithms from a new perspective. We show that the Lagrange dual problems of AdaBoost, LogitBoost and soft-margin LPBoost with generalized hinge loss are all entropy maximization problems. By looking at the dual problems of these boosting algorithms, we show that the success of boosting algorithms can be understood in terms of maintaining a better margin distribution by maximizing margins and at the same time controlling the margin variance.We also theoretically prove that, approximately, AdaBoost maximizes the average margin, instead of the minimum margin. The duality formulation also enables us to develop column generation based optimization algorithms, which are totally corrective. We show that they exhibit almost identical classification results to that of standard stage-wise additive boosting algorithms but with much faster convergence rates. Therefore fewer weak classifiers are needed to build the ensemble using our proposed optimization technique.



### Enhancing the capabilities of LIGO time-frequency plane searches through clustering
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0901.3762v3
- **DOI**: 10.1088/0264-9381/26/15/155009
- **Categories**: **gr-qc**, astro-ph.IM, cs.CV, physics.data-an
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0901.3762v3)
- **Published**: 2009-01-23 20:59:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-06-18 20:12:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Rubab Khan, Shourov Chatterji
- **Comment**: 17 pages, 6 figures. Submitted to CQG on Dec 12, 2008; accepted on
  June 18, 2009
- **Journal**: Class.Quant.Grav.26:155009,2009
- **Summary**: One class of gravitational wave signals LIGO is searching for consists of short duration bursts of unknown waveforms. Potential sources include core collapse supernovae, gamma ray burst progenitors, and mergers of binary black holes or neutron stars. We present a density-based clustering algorithm to improve the performance of time-frequency searches for such gravitational-wave bursts when they are extended in time and/or frequency, and not sufficiently well known to permit matched filtering. We have implemented this algorithm as an extension to the QPipeline, a gravitational-wave data analysis pipeline for the detection of bursts, which currently determines the statistical significance of events based solely on the peak significance observed in minimum uncertainty regions of the time-frequency plane. Density based clustering improves the performance of such a search by considering the aggregate significance of arbitrarily shaped regions in the time-frequency plane and rejecting the isolated minimum uncertainty features expected from the background detector noise. In this paper, we present test results for simulated signals and demonstrate that density based clustering improves the performance of the QPipeline for signals extended in time and/or frequency.



