# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-03-04
### A Report on Multilinear PCA Plus Multilinear LDA to Deal with Tensorial Data: Visual Classification as An Example
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.0744v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1203.0744v1)
- **Published**: 2012-03-04 15:00:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-03-04 15:00:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Shu Kong, Donghui Wang
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In practical applications, we often have to deal with high order data, such as a grayscale image and a video sequence are intrinsically 2nd-order tensor and 3rd-order tensor, respectively. For doing clustering or classification of these high order data, it is a conventional way to vectorize these data before hand, as PCA or FDA does, which often induce the curse of dimensionality problem. For this reason, experts have developed many methods to deal with the tensorial data, such as multilinear PCA, multilinear LDA, and so on. In this paper, we still address the problem of high order data representation and recognition, and propose to study the result of merging multilinear PCA and multilinear LDA into one scenario, we name it \textbf{GDA} for the abbreviation of Generalized Discriminant Analysis. To evaluate GDA, we perform a series of experiments, and the experimental results demonstrate our GDA outperforms a selection of competing methods such (2D)$^2$PCA, (2D)$^2$LDA, and MDA.



### Posterior Mean Super-Resolution with a Compound Gaussian Markov Random Field Prior
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.0781v3
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICASSP.2012.6288015
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1203.0781v3)
- **Published**: 2012-03-04 22:12:54+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-03-23 02:52:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Takayuki Katsuki, Masato Inoue
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 20 figures, 1 tables, accepted to ICASSP2012 (corrected
  2012/3/23)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This manuscript proposes a posterior mean (PM) super-resolution (SR) method with a compound Gaussian Markov random field (MRF) prior. SR is a technique to estimate a spatially high-resolution image from observed multiple low-resolution images. A compound Gaussian MRF model provides a preferable prior for natural images that preserves edges. PM is the optimal estimator for the objective function of peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR). This estimator is numerically determined by using variational Bayes (VB). We then solve the conjugate prior problem on VB and the exponential-order calculation cost problem of a compound Gaussian MRF prior with simple Taylor approximations. In experiments, the proposed method roughly overcomes existing methods.



