# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-03-19
### Clustering Using Isoperimetric Number of Trees
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.4204v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1203.4204v1)
- **Published**: 2012-03-19 19:15:25+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-03-19 19:15:25+00:00
- **Authors**: Amir Daneshgar, Ramin Javadi, Basir Shariat Razavi
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper we propose a graph-based data clustering algorithm which is based on exact clustering of a minimum spanning tree in terms of a minimum isoperimetry criteria. We show that our basic clustering algorithm runs in $O(n \log n)$ and with post-processing in $O(n^2)$ (worst case) time where $n$ is the size of the data set. We also show that our generalized graph model which also allows the use of potentials at vertices can be used to extract a more detailed pack of information as the {\it outlier profile} of the data set. In this direction we show that our approach can be used to define the concept of an outlier-set in a precise way and we propose approximation algorithms for finding such sets. We also provide a comparative performance analysis of our algorithm with other related ones and we show that the new clustering algorithm (without the outlier extraction procedure) behaves quite effectively even on hard benchmarks and handmade examples.



### Reconstruction of hidden 3D shapes using diffuse reflections
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.4280v1
- **DOI**: 10.1364/OE.20.019096
- **Categories**: **physics.optics**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1203.4280v1)
- **Published**: 2012-03-19 22:22:25+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-03-19 22:22:25+00:00
- **Authors**: Otkrist Gupta, Andreas Velten, Thomas Willwacher, Ashok Veeraraghavan, Ramesh Raskar
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We analyze multi-bounce propagation of light in an unknown hidden volume and demonstrate that the reflected light contains sufficient information to recover the 3D structure of the hidden scene. We formulate the forward and inverse theory of secondary and tertiary scattering reflection using ideas from energy front propagation and tomography. We show that using careful choice of approximations, such as Fresnel approximation, greatly simplifies this problem and the inversion can be achieved via a backpropagation process. We provide a theoretical analysis of the invertibility, uniqueness and choices of space-time-angle dimensions using synthetic examples. We show that a 2D streak camera can be used to discover and reconstruct hidden geometry. Using a 1D high speed time of flight camera, we show that our method can be used recover 3D shapes of objects "around the corner".



