# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-03-09
### Substructure and Boundary Modeling for Continuous Action Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.1985v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1203.1985v1)
- **Published**: 2012-03-09 04:16:33+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-03-09 04:16:33+00:00
- **Authors**: Zhaowen Wang, Jinjun Wang, Jing Xiao, Kai-Hsiang Lin, Thomas Huang
- **Comment**: Detailed version of the CVPR 2012 paper. 15 pages, 6 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper introduces a probabilistic graphical model for continuous action recognition with two novel components: substructure transition model and discriminative boundary model. The first component encodes the sparse and global temporal transition prior between action primitives in state-space model to handle the large spatial-temporal variations within an action class. The second component enforces the action duration constraint in a discriminative way to locate the transition boundaries between actions more accurately. The two components are integrated into a unified graphical structure to enable effective training and inference. Our comprehensive experimental results on both public and in-house datasets show that, with the capability to incorporate additional information that had not been explicitly or efficiently modeled by previous methods, our proposed algorithm achieved significantly improved performance for continuous action recognition.



### Enhancement of Images using Morphological Transformation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.2514v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijcsit.2012.4103
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1203.2514v1)
- **Published**: 2012-03-09 13:22:25+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-03-09 13:22:25+00:00
- **Authors**: K. Sreedhar, B. Panlal
- **Comment**: 18 pages
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science & Information Technology
  (IJCSIT) Vol 4, No 1, Feb 2012, 33-50
- **Summary**: This paper deals with enhancement of images with poor contrast and detection of background. Proposes a frame work which is used to detect the background in images characterized by poor contrast. Image enhancement has been carried out by the two methods based on the Weber's law notion. The first method employs information from image background analysis by blocks, while the second transformation method utilizes the opening operation, closing operation, which is employed to define the multi-background gray scale images. The complete image processing is done using MATLAB simulation model. Finally, this paper is organized as follows as Morphological transformation and Weber's law. Image background approximation to the background by means of block analysis in conjunction with transformations that enhance images with poor lighting. The multibackground notion is introduced by means of the opening by reconstruction shows a comparison among several techniques to improve contrast in images. Finally, conclusions are presented.



### Fixed-Rank Representation for Unsupervised Visual Learning
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.2210v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.NA
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1203.2210v2)
- **Published**: 2012-03-09 23:35:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-04-17 15:41:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Risheng Liu, Zhouchen Lin, Fernando De la Torre, Zhixun Su
- **Comment**: accepted by CVPR 2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Subspace clustering and feature extraction are two of the most commonly used unsupervised learning techniques in computer vision and pattern recognition. State-of-the-art techniques for subspace clustering make use of recent advances in sparsity and rank minimization. However, existing techniques are computationally expensive and may result in degenerate solutions that degrade clustering performance in the case of insufficient data sampling. To partially solve these problems, and inspired by existing work on matrix factorization, this paper proposes fixed-rank representation (FRR) as a unified framework for unsupervised visual learning. FRR is able to reveal the structure of multiple subspaces in closed-form when the data is noiseless. Furthermore, we prove that under some suitable conditions, even with insufficient observations, FRR can still reveal the true subspace memberships. To achieve robustness to outliers and noise, a sparse regularizer is introduced into the FRR framework. Beyond subspace clustering, FRR can be used for unsupervised feature extraction. As a non-trivial byproduct, a fast numerical solver is developed for FRR. Experimental results on both synthetic data and real applications validate our theoretical analysis and demonstrate the benefits of FRR for unsupervised visual learning.



