# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-03-08
### A comparative evaluation of two algorithms of detection of masses on mammograms
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.1765v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/sipij.2012.3102
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1203.1765v1)
- **Published**: 2012-03-08 12:07:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-03-08 12:07:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Guillaume Kom, Alain Tiedeu, Martin Kom, John Ngundam
- **Comment**: 9 pages, 5 figures, 1 table, Vol.3, No.1, February 2012,pp19-27;
  Signal & Image Processing : An International Journal (SIPIJ),2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we implement and carry out the comparison of two methods of computer-aided-detection of masses on mammograms. The two algorithms basically consist of 3 steps each: segmentation, binarization and noise suppression using different techniques for each step. A database of 60 images was used to compare the performance of the two algorithms in terms of general detection efficiency, conservation of size and shape of detected masses.



### Using Hausdorff Distance for New Medical Image Annotation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.1793v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IR**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1203.1793v1)
- **Published**: 2012-03-08 13:28:47+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-03-08 13:28:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Riadh Bouslimi, Jalel Akaichi
- **Comment**: 7 pages, 3 figures, 2 tables; International Journal of Database
  Management Systems (IJDMS) Vol.4, No.1, February 2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Medical images annotation is most of the time a repetitive hard task. Collecting old similar annotations and assigning them to new medical images may not only enhance the annotation process, but also reduce ambiguity caused by repetitive annotations. The goal of this work is to propose an approach based on Hausdorff distance able to compute similarity between a new medical image and old stored images. User has to choose then one of the similar images and annotations related to the selected one are assigned to the new one.



### Enhancement Techniques for Local Content Preservation and Contrast Improvement in Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1203.1823v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1203.1823v1)
- **Published**: 2012-03-08 15:12:34+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-03-08 15:12:34+00:00
- **Authors**: Chelsy Sapna Josephus, S. Remya
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: There are several images that do not have uniform brightness which pose a challenging problem for image enhancement systems. As histogram equalization has been successfully used to correct for uniform brightness problems, a histogram equalization method that utilizes human visual system based thresholding(human vision thresholding) as well as logarithmic processing techniques were introduced later . But these methods are not good for preserving the local content of the image which is a major factor for various images like medical and aerial images. Therefore new method is proposed here. This method is referred as "Human vision thresholding with enhancement technique for dark blurred images for local content preservation". It uses human vision thresholding together with an existing enhancement method for dark blurred images. Furthermore a comparative study with another method for local content preservation is done which is further extended to make it suitable for contrast improvement. Experimental results shows that the proposed methods outperforms the former existing methods in preserving the local content for standard images, medical and aerial images.



