# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-08-27
### A Model of Plant Identification System Using GLCM, Lacunarity And Shen Features
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.0969v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1410.0969v1)
- **Published**: 2014-08-27 00:49:05+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-27 00:49:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Abdul Kadir
- **Comment**: 10 pages
- **Journal**: Research Journal of Pharmaceutical, Biological and Chemical
  Sciences, Vol 5(2), 2014
- **Summary**: Recently, many approaches have been introduced by several researchers to identify plants. Now, applications of texture, shape, color and vein features are common practices. However, there are many possibilities of methods can be developed to improve the performance of such identification systems. Therefore, several experiments had been conducted in this research. As a result, a new novel approach by using combination of Gray-Level Co-occurrence Matrix, lacunarity and Shen features and a Bayesian classifier gives a better result compared to other plant identification systems. For comparison, this research used two kinds of several datasets that were usually used for testing the performance of each plant identification system. The results show that the system gives an accuracy rate of 97.19% when using the Flavia dataset and 95.00% when using the Foliage dataset and outperforms other approaches.



### An inexact Newton-Krylov algorithm for constrained diffeomorphic image registration
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.6299v3
- **DOI**: 10.1137/140984002
- **Categories**: **math.NA**, cs.CV, cs.NA, math.OC, 68U10, 49J20, 35Q93, 65K10, 76D55
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.6299v3)
- **Published**: 2014-08-27 02:36:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-05-07 13:37:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Andreas Mang, George Biros
- **Comment**: 32 pages; 10 figures; 9 tables
- **Journal**: SIAM J. Imaging Sci., 8(2):1030-1069, 2015
- **Summary**: We propose numerical algorithms for solving large deformation diffeomorphic image registration problems. We formulate the nonrigid image registration problem as a problem of optimal control. This leads to an infinite-dimensional partial differential equation (PDE) constrained optimization problem.   The PDE constraint consists, in its simplest form, of a hyperbolic transport equation for the evolution of the image intensity. The control variable is the velocity field. Tikhonov regularization on the control ensures well-posedness. We consider standard smoothness regularization based on $H^1$- or $H^2$-seminorms. We augment this regularization scheme with a constraint on the divergence of the velocity field rendering the deformation incompressible and thus ensuring that the determinant of the deformation gradient is equal to one, up to the numerical error.   We use a Fourier pseudospectral discretization in space and a Chebyshev pseudospectral discretization in time. We use a preconditioned, globalized, matrix-free, inexact Newton-Krylov method for numerical optimization. A parameter continuation is designed to estimate an optimal regularization parameter. Regularity is ensured by controlling the geometric properties of the deformation field. Overall, we arrive at a black-box solver. We study spectral properties of the Hessian, grid convergence, numerical accuracy, computational efficiency, and deformation regularity of our scheme. We compare the designed Newton-Krylov methods with a globalized preconditioned gradient descent. We study the influence of a varying number of unknowns in time.   The reported results demonstrate excellent numerical accuracy, guaranteed local deformation regularity, and computational efficiency with an optional control on local mass conservation. The Newton-Krylov methods clearly outperform the Picard method if high accuracy of the inversion is required.



### Compression, Restoration, Re-sampling, Compressive Sensing: Fast Transforms in Digital Imaging
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.6335v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.optics
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.6335v1)
- **Published**: 2014-08-27 07:43:15+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-27 07:43:15+00:00
- **Authors**: Leonid Yaroslavsky
- **Comment**: 41 pages, 16 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Transform image processing methods are methods that work in domains of image transforms, such as Discrete Fourier, Discrete Cosine, Wavelet and alike. They are the basic tool in image compression, in image restoration, in image re-sampling and geometrical transformations and can be traced back to early 1970-ths. The paper presents a review of these methods with emphasis on their comparison and relationships, from the very first steps of transform image compression methods to adaptive and local adaptive transform domain filters for image restoration, to methods of precise image re-sampling and image reconstruction from sparse samples and up to "compressive sensing" approach that has gained popularity in last few years. The review has a tutorial character and purpose.



