# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-08-24
### Fuzzy and entropy facial recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.5552v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 68T10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.5552v1)
- **Published**: 2014-08-24 04:46:58+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-24 04:46:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Jaejun Lee, Taeseon Yun
- **Comment**: 5 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper suggests an effective method for facial recognition using fuzzy theory and Shannon entropy. Combination of fuzzy theory and Shannon entropy eliminates the complication of other methods. Shannon entropy calculates the ratio of an element between faces, and fuzzy theory calculates the member ship of the entropy with 1. More details will be mentioned in Section 3. The learning performance is better than others as it is very simple, and only need two data per learning. By using factors that don't usually change during the life, the method will have a high accuracy.



### Supervised Hashing Using Graph Cuts and Boosted Decision Trees
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.5574v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TPAMI.2015.2404776
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.5574v2)
- **Published**: 2014-08-24 07:40:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-02-08 23:52:38+00:00
- **Authors**: Guosheng Lin, Chunhua Shen, Anton van den Hengel
- **Comment**: 15 pages. Appearing in IEEE T. Pattern Analysis & Machine
  Intelligence. arXiv admin note: text overlap with arXiv:1404.1561
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Embedding image features into a binary Hamming space can improve both the speed and accuracy of large-scale query-by-example image retrieval systems. Supervised hashing aims to map the original features to compact binary codes in a manner which preserves the label-based similarities of the original data. Most existing approaches apply a single form of hash function, and an optimization process which is typically deeply coupled to this specific form. This tight coupling restricts the flexibility of those methods, and can result in complex optimization problems that are difficult to solve. In this work we proffer a flexible yet simple framework that is able to accommodate different types of loss functions and hash functions. The proposed framework allows a number of existing approaches to hashing to be placed in context, and simplifies the development of new problem-specific hashing methods. Our framework decomposes the into two steps: binary code (hash bits) learning, and hash function learning. The first step can typically be formulated as a binary quadratic problem, and the second step can be accomplished by training standard binary classifiers. For solving large-scale binary code inference, we show how to ensure that the binary quadratic problems are submodular such that an efficient graph cut approach can be used. To achieve efficiency as well as efficacy on large-scale high-dimensional data, we propose to use boosted decision trees as the hash functions, which are nonlinear, highly descriptive, and very fast to train and evaluate. Experiments demonstrate that our proposed method significantly outperforms most state-of-the-art methods, especially on high-dimensional data.



### Learn Convolutional Neural Network for Face Anti-Spoofing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.5601v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.5601v2)
- **Published**: 2014-08-24 13:08:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-26 02:45:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Jianwei Yang, Zhen Lei, Stan Z. Li
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 9 figures, 7 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Though having achieved some progresses, the hand-crafted texture features, e.g., LBP [23], LBP-TOP [11] are still unable to capture the most discriminative cues between genuine and fake faces. In this paper, instead of designing feature by ourselves, we rely on the deep convolutional neural network (CNN) to learn features of high discriminative ability in a supervised manner. Combined with some data pre-processing, the face anti-spoofing performance improves drastically. In the experiments, over 70% relative decrease of Half Total Error Rate (HTER) is achieved on two challenging datasets, CASIA [36] and REPLAY-ATTACK [7] compared with the state-of-the-art. Meanwhile, the experimental results from inter-tests between two datasets indicates CNN can obtain features with better generalization ability. Moreover, the nets trained using combined data from two datasets have less biases between two datasets.



