# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-08-01
### Variational Depth from Focus Reconstruction
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.0173v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2015.2479469
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.OC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.0173v2)
- **Published**: 2014-08-01 13:26:41+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-11-05 11:03:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Michael Moeller, Martin Benning, Carola Schönlieb, Daniel Cremers
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper deals with the problem of reconstructing a depth map from a sequence of differently focused images, also known as depth from focus or shape from focus. We propose to state the depth from focus problem as a variational problem including a smooth but nonconvex data fidelity term, and a convex nonsmooth regularization, which makes the method robust to noise and leads to more realistic depth maps. Additionally, we propose to solve the nonconvex minimization problem with a linearized alternating directions method of multipliers (ADMM), allowing to minimize the energy very efficiently. A numerical comparison to classical methods on simulated as well as on real data is presented.



### Functional Principal Component Analysis and Randomized Sparse Clustering Algorithm for Medical Image Analysis
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.0204v1
- **DOI**: 10.1371/journal.pone.0132945
- **Categories**: **stat.ML**, cs.AI, cs.CV, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.0204v1)
- **Published**: 2014-08-01 15:15:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-01 15:15:48+00:00
- **Authors**: Nan Lin, Junhai Jiang, Shicheng Guo, Momiao Xiong
- **Comment**: 35 pages, 2 figures, 6 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Due to advances in sensors, growing large and complex medical image data have the ability to visualize the pathological change in the cellular or even the molecular level or anatomical changes in tissues and organs. As a consequence, the medical images have the potential to enhance diagnosis of disease, prediction of clinical outcomes, characterization of disease progression, management of health care and development of treatments, but also pose great methodological and computational challenges for representation and selection of features in image cluster analysis. To address these challenges, we first extend one dimensional functional principal component analysis to the two dimensional functional principle component analyses (2DFPCA) to fully capture space variation of image signals. Image signals contain a large number of redundant and irrelevant features which provide no additional or no useful information for cluster analysis. Widely used methods for removing redundant and irrelevant features are sparse clustering algorithms using a lasso-type penalty to select the features. However, the accuracy of clustering using a lasso-type penalty depends on how to select penalty parameters and a threshold for selecting features. In practice, they are difficult to determine. Recently, randomized algorithms have received a great deal of attention in big data analysis. This paper presents a randomized algorithm for accurate feature selection in image cluster analysis. The proposed method is applied to ovarian and kidney cancer histology image data from the TCGA database. The results demonstrate that the randomized feature selection method coupled with functional principal component analysis substantially outperforms the current sparse clustering algorithms in image cluster analysis.



