# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-08-04
### A Pattern Recognition System for Detecting Use of Mobile Phones While Driving
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.0680v1
- **DOI**: 10.5220/0004684504110418
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.0680v1)
- **Published**: 2014-08-04 13:35:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-04 13:35:24+00:00
- **Authors**: Rafael A. Berri, Alexandre G. Silva, Rafael S. Parpinelli, Elaine Girardi, Rangel Arthur
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 9th International Conference on Computer Vision Theory and
  Applications
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: It is estimated that 80% of crashes and 65% of near collisions involved drivers inattentive to traffic for three seconds before the event. This paper develops an algorithm for extracting characteristics allowing the cell phones identification used during driving a vehicle. Experiments were performed on sets of images with 100 positive images (with phone) and the other 100 negative images (no phone), containing frontal images of the driver. Support Vector Machine (SVM) with Polynomial kernel is the most advantageous classification system to the features provided by the algorithm, obtaining a success rate of 91.57% for the vision system. Tests done on videos show that it is possible to use the image datasets for training classifiers in real situations. Periods of 3 seconds were correctly classified at 87.43% of cases.



### Modulation Classification via Gibbs Sampling Based on a Latent Dirichlet Bayesian Network
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.0765v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/LSP.2014.2327193
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.0765v2)
- **Published**: 2014-08-04 18:47:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-20 02:04:25+00:00
- **Authors**: Yu Liu, Osvaldo Simeone, Alexander M. Haimovich, Wei Su
- **Comment**: Contains corrections with respect to the version to appear on IEEE
  Signal Processing Letters (see Fig. 2)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A novel Bayesian modulation classification scheme is proposed for a single-antenna system over frequency-selective fading channels. The method is based on Gibbs sampling as applied to a latent Dirichlet Bayesian network (BN). The use of the proposed latent Dirichlet BN provides a systematic solution to the convergence problem encountered by the conventional Gibbs sampling approach for modulation classification. The method generalizes, and is shown to improve upon, the state of the art.



### Object Detection Through Exploration With A Foveated Visual Field
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.0814v2
- **DOI**: 10.1371/journal.pcbi.1005743
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.0814v2)
- **Published**: 2014-08-04 20:49:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2017-11-06 07:17:44+00:00
- **Authors**: Emre Akbas, Miguel P. Eckstein
- **Comment**: An extended version of this manuscript was published in PLOS
  Computational Biology (October 2017) at
  https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1005743
- **Journal**: PLOS Computational Biology, 2017, 13(10), e1005743
- **Summary**: We present a foveated object detector (FOD) as a biologically-inspired alternative to the sliding window (SW) approach which is the dominant method of search in computer vision object detection. Similar to the human visual system, the FOD has higher resolution at the fovea and lower resolution at the visual periphery. Consequently, more computational resources are allocated at the fovea and relatively fewer at the periphery. The FOD processes the entire scene, uses retino-specific object detection classifiers to guide eye movements, aligns its fovea with regions of interest in the input image and integrates observations across multiple fixations. Our approach combines modern object detectors from computer vision with a recent model of peripheral pooling regions found at the V1 layer of the human visual system. We assessed various eye movement strategies on the PASCAL VOC 2007 dataset and show that the FOD performs on par with the SW detector while bringing significant computational cost savings.



