# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-08-03
### Methodology For Detection of QRS Pattern Using Secondary Wavelets
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.0452v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.0452v1)
- **Published**: 2014-08-03 03:43:28+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-03 03:43:28+00:00
- **Authors**: T. R. Gopalakrishnan Nair, A. P. Geetha, Asharani
- **Comment**: 3 pages, 8 figures,Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics
  (ICSCI)2012, International Conference on pp.327,330, Dr.MCR HRD Institute,
  Hyderabad, India, 15-18Feb 2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Applications of wavelet transform to the field of health care signals have paved the way for implementing revolutionary approaches in detecting the presence of certain abnormalities in human health patterns. There were extensive studies carried out using primary wavelets in various signals like Electrocardiogram (ECG), sonogram etc. with a certain amount of success. On the other hand analysis using secondary wavelets which inherits the characteristics of a set of variations available in signals like ECG can be a promise to detect diseases with ease. Here a method to create a generalized adapted wavelet is presented which contains the information of QRS pattern collected from an anomaly sample space. The method has been tested and found to be successful in locating the position of R peak in noise embedded ECG signal.



### Adaptive Wavelet Based Identification and Extraction of PQRST Combination in Randomly Stretching ECG Sequence
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.0453v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ChinaSIP.2013.6625344
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.0453v1)
- **Published**: 2014-08-03 03:49:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-03 03:49:36+00:00
- **Authors**: T. R. Gopalakrishnan Nair, A. P. Geetha, M. Asharani
- **Comment**: Signal and Information Processing (SIP), 2013 IEEE China Summit &
  International Conference on, pp.278,282,Beijing, China, 6-10 July. 2013
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Cardiovascular system study using ECG signals have evolved tremendously in the domain of electronics and signal processing. However, there are certain floating challenges unresolved in the analysis and detection of abnormal performances of cardiovascular system. As the medical field is moving towards more automated and intelligent systems, wrong detection or wrong interpretations of ECG waveform of abnormal conditions can be quite fatal. Since the PQRST signals vary their positions randomly, the process of locating, identifying and classifying each feature can be cumbersome and it is prone to errors. Here we present an automated scheme using adaptive wavelet to detect prominent R-peak with extreme accuracy and algorithmically tag and mark the coexisting peaks P, Q, S, and T with almost same accuracy. The adaptive wavelet approach used in this scheme is capable of detecting R-peak in ECG with 99.99% accuracy along with the rest of the waveforms.



