# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-08-19
### What makes an Image Iconic? A Fine-Grained Case Study
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.4325v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.4325v1)
- **Published**: 2014-08-19 13:26:01+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-19 13:26:01+00:00
- **Authors**: Yangmuzi Zhang, Diane Larlus, Florent Perronnin
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A natural approach to teaching a visual concept, e.g. a bird species, is to show relevant images. However, not all relevant images represent a concept equally well. In other words, they are not necessarily iconic. This observation raises three questions. Is iconicity a subjective property? If not, can we predict iconicity? And what exactly makes an image iconic? We provide answers to these questions through an extensive experimental study on a challenging fine-grained dataset of birds. We first show that iconicity ratings are consistent across individuals, even when they are not domain experts, thus demonstrating that iconicity is not purely subjective. We then consider an exhaustive list of properties that are intuitively related to iconicity and measure their correlation with these iconicity ratings. We combine them to predict iconicity of new unseen images. We also propose a direct iconicity predictor that is discriminatively trained with iconicity ratings. By combining both systems, we get an iconicity prediction that approaches human performance.



### Object Segmentation in Images using EEG Signals
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.4363v1
- **DOI**: 10.1145/2647868.2654896
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM, H.1.2; I.4.6; C.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.4363v1)
- **Published**: 2014-08-19 15:24:44+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-19 15:24:44+00:00
- **Authors**: Eva Mohedano, Graham Healy, Kevin McGuinness, Xavier Giro-i-Nieto, Noel E. O'Connor, Alan F. Smeaton
- **Comment**: This is a preprint version prior to submission for peer-review of the
  paper accepted to the 22nd ACM International Conference on Multimedia
  (November 3-7, 2014, Orlando, Florida, USA) for the High Risk High Reward
  session. 10 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper explores the potential of brain-computer interfaces in segmenting objects from images. Our approach is centered around designing an effective method for displaying the image parts to the users such that they generate measurable brain reactions. When an image region, specifically a block of pixels, is displayed we estimate the probability of the block containing the object of interest using a score based on EEG activity. After several such blocks are displayed, the resulting probability map is binarized and combined with the GrabCut algorithm to segment the image into object and background regions. This study shows that BCI and simple EEG analysis are useful in locating object boundaries in images.



