# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-08-08
### Real-Time and Robust Method for Hand Gesture Recognition System Based on Cross-Correlation Coefficient
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.1759v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.1759v1)
- **Published**: 2014-08-08 04:52:59+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-08 04:52:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Reza Azad, Babak Azad, Iman Tavakoli Kazerooni
- **Comment**: arXiv admin note: substantial text overlap with
  http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/ICCCA.2012.6179213 by other author
- **Journal**: Advances in Computer Science: an International Journal, Vol. 2,
  Issue 5, No.6, pp. 121-125, 2013
- **Summary**: Hand gesture recognition possesses extensive applications in virtual reality, sign language recognition, and computer games. The direct interface of hand gestures provides us a new way for communicating with the virtual environment. In this paper a novel and real-time approach for hand gesture recognition system is presented. In the suggested method, first, the hand gesture is extracted from the main image by the image segmentation and morphological operation and then is sent to feature extraction stage. In feature extraction stage the Cross-correlation coefficient is applied on the gesture to recognize it. In the result part, the proposed approach is applied on American Sign Language (ASL) database and the accuracy rate obtained 98.34%.



### Neighborhood Rank Order Coding for Robust Texture Analysis and Feature Extraction
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.1984v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.1984v1)
- **Published**: 2014-08-08 21:23:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-08 21:23:46+00:00
- **Authors**: C. Mayr, R. Schüffny
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Proc. 7th International Conference on Hybrid Intelligent Systems
  HIS 07, pages 290-295, 2007
- **Summary**: Research into the visual cortex and general neural information processing has led to various attempts to integrate pulse computation schemes in image analysis systems. Of interest is especially the robustness of representing an analogue signal in the phase or duration of a pulsed, quasi-digital signal, as well as the possibility of direct digital interaction, i.e. computation, among these signals. Such a computation can also achieve information compaction for subsequent processing stages. By using a pulse order encoding scheme motivated by dendritic pulse interaction, we will show that a powerful low-level feature and texture extraction operator, called Pulsed Local Orientation Coding (PLOC), can be implemented. Feature extraction results are being presented, and a possible VLSI implementation is detailed.



### Gabor-like Image Filtering using a Neural Microcircuit
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1408.1986v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TNN.2007.891687
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.ET, q-bio.NC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1408.1986v1)
- **Published**: 2014-08-08 21:24:59+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-08-08 21:24:59+00:00
- **Authors**: C. Mayr, A. Heittmann, R. Schüffny
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks, vol. 18, pages 955-959, 2007
- **Summary**: In this letter, we present an implementation of a neural microcircuit for image processing employing Hebbian-adaptive learning. The neuronal circuit utilizes only excitatory synapses to correlate action potentials, extracting the uncorrelated ones, which contain significant image information. This circuit is capable of approximating Gabor-like image filtering and other image processing functions



