# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-04-05
### Principal Component Analysis-Linear Discriminant Analysis Feature Extractor for Pattern Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1204.1177v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1204.1177v1)
- **Published**: 2012-04-05 10:48:09+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-04-05 10:48:09+00:00
- **Authors**: Aamir Khan, Hasan Farooq
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science Issues, Vol. 8,
  Issue 6, No 2, November 2011
- **Summary**: Robustness of embedded biometric systems is of prime importance with the emergence of fourth generation communication devices and advancement in security systems This paper presents the realization of such technologies which demands reliable and error-free biometric identity verification systems. High dimensional patterns are not permitted due to eigen-decomposition in high dimensional image space and degeneration of scattering matrices in small size sample. Generalization, dimensionality reduction and maximizing the margins are controlled by minimizing weight vectors. Results show good pattern by multimodal biometric system proposed in this paper. This paper is aimed at investigating a biometric identity system using Principal Component Analysis and Lindear Discriminant Analysis with K-Nearest Neighbor and implementing such system in real-time using SignalWAVE.



### A Complete Workflow for Development of Bangla OCR
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1204.1198v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1204.1198v1)
- **Published**: 2012-04-05 12:28:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-04-05 12:28:11+00:00
- **Authors**: Farjana Yeasmin Omee, Shiam Shabbir Himel, Md. Abu Naser Bikas
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Applications, Volume 21, No.9,
  May 2011
- **Summary**: Developing a Bangla OCR requires bunch of algorithm and methods. There were many effort went on for developing a Bangla OCR. But all of them failed to provide an error free Bangla OCR. Each of them has some lacking. We discussed about the problem scope of currently existing Bangla OCR's. In this paper, we present the basic steps required for developing a Bangla OCR and a complete workflow for development of a Bangla OCR with mentioning all the possible algorithms required.



### Mouse Simulation Using Two Coloured Tapes
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1204.1277v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijist.2012.2206
- **Categories**: **cs.AI**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1204.1277v1)
- **Published**: 2012-04-05 17:00:47+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-04-05 17:00:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Vikram Kumar, Kamran Niyazi, Swapnil Mahe, Swapnil Vyawahare
- **Comment**: 5 pages
- **Journal**: International Journal of Information Sciences and Techniques
  (IJIST) Vol.2, No.2, March 2012
- **Summary**: In this paper, we present a novel approach for Human Computer Interaction (HCI) where, we control cursor movement using a real-time camera. Current methods involve changing mouse parts such as adding more buttons or changing the position of the tracking ball. Instead, our method is to use a camera and computer vision technology, such as image segmentation and gesture recognition, to control mouse tasks (left and right clicking, double-clicking, and scrolling) and we show how it can perform everything as current mouse devices can. The software will be developed in JAVA language. Recognition and pose estimation in this system are user independent and robust as we will be using colour tapes on our finger to perform actions. The software can be used as an intuitive input interface to applications that require multi-dimensional control e.g. computer games etc.



