# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-04-03
### Validation of nonlinear PCA
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1204.0684v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s11063-012-9220-6
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.AI, cs.CV, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1204.0684v1)
- **Published**: 2012-04-03 13:22:07+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-04-03 13:22:07+00:00
- **Authors**: Matthias Scholz
- **Comment**: 12 pages, 5 figures
- **Journal**: Neural Processing Letters, 2012
- **Summary**: Linear principal component analysis (PCA) can be extended to a nonlinear PCA by using artificial neural networks. But the benefit of curved components requires a careful control of the model complexity. Moreover, standard techniques for model selection, including cross-validation and more generally the use of an independent test set, fail when applied to nonlinear PCA because of its inherent unsupervised characteristics. This paper presents a new approach for validating the complexity of nonlinear PCA models by using the error in missing data estimation as a criterion for model selection. It is motivated by the idea that only the model of optimal complexity is able to predict missing values with the highest accuracy. While standard test set validation usually favours over-fitted nonlinear PCA models, the proposed model validation approach correctly selects the optimal model complexity.



### Efficient Fruit Defect Detection and Glare removal Algorithm by anisotropic diffusion and 2D Gabor filter
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1204.0767v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1204.0767v2)
- **Published**: 2012-04-03 19:02:54+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-04-04 13:37:41+00:00
- **Authors**: Vini Katyal, Deepesh Srivastava
- **Comment**: Errors in material
- **Journal**: International Journal of Engineering Science & Advanced Technology
  (IJESAT), Volume-2, Issue-2, 352 - 357 Mar-Apr 2012
- **Summary**: This paper focuses on fruit defect detection and glare removal using morphological operations, Glare removal can be considered as an important preprocessing step as uneven lighting may introduce it in images, which hamper the results produced through segmentation by Gabor filters .The problem of glare in images is very pronounced sometimes due to the unusual reflectance from the camera sensor or stray light entering, this method counteracts this problem and makes the defect detection much more pronounced. Anisotropic diffusion is used for further smoothening of the images and removing the high energy regions in an image for better defect detection and makes the defects more retrievable. Our algorithm is robust and scalable the employability of a particular mask for glare removal has been checked and proved useful for counteracting.this problem, anisotropic diffusion further enhances the defects with its use further Optimal Gabor filter at various orientations is used for defect detection.



