# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-02-14
### Gray-Level Image Transitions Driven by Tsallis Entropic Index
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1502.04204v2
- **DOI**: 10.18483/ijSci.621
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1502.04204v2)
- **Published**: 2015-02-14 12:35:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-02-19 18:12:30+00:00
- **Authors**: Amelia Carolina Sparavigna
- **Comment**: Tsallis Entropy, Image Processing, Image Segmentation, Image
  Thresholding, Texture Transitions, Medical Image Processing, Typos emended
- **Journal**: International Journal of Sciences 4(2), 16-25, 2015
- **Summary**: The maximum entropy principle is largely used in thresholding and segmentation of images. Among the several formulations of this principle, the most effectively applied is that based on Tsallis non-extensive entropy. Here, we discuss the role of its entropic index in determining the thresholds. When this index is spanning the interval (0,1), for some images, the values of thresholds can have large leaps. In this manner, we observe abrupt transitions in the appearance of corresponding bi-level or multi-level images. These gray-level image transitions are analogous to order or texture transitions observed in physical systems, transitions which are driven by the temperature or by other physical quantities.



### Cardiac MR Image Segmentation Techniques: an overview
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1502.04252v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1502.04252v1)
- **Published**: 2015-02-14 22:15:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-02-14 22:15:39+00:00
- **Authors**: Tizita Nesibu Shewaye
- **Comment**: 6 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Broadly speaking, the objective in cardiac image segmentation is to delineate the outer and inner walls of the heart to segment out either the entire or parts of the organ boundaries. This paper will focus on MR images as they are the most widely used in cardiac segmentation -- as a result of the accurate morphological information and better soft tissue contrast they provide. This cardiac segmentation information is very useful as it eases physical measurements that provides useful metrics for cardiac diagnosis such as infracted volumes, ventricular volumes, ejection fraction, myocardial mass, cardiac movement, and the like. But, this task is difficult due to the intensity and texture similarities amongst the different cardiac and background structures on top of some noisy artifacts present in MR images. Thus far, various researchers have proposed different techniques to solve some of the pressing issues. This seminar paper presents an overview of representative medical image segmentation techniques. The paper also highlights preferred approaches for segmentation of the four cardiac chambers: the left ventricle (LV), right ventricle (RV), left atrium (LA) and right atrium (RA), on short axis image planes.



