# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-01-05
### Probabilistic Motion Estimation Based on Temporal Coherence
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.1216v1
- **DOI**: 10.1162/089976600300015169
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IT, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1201.1216v1)
- **Published**: 2012-01-05 16:49:01+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-01-05 16:49:01+00:00
- **Authors**: Pierre-Yves Burgi, Alan L. Yuille, Norberto M. Grzywacz
- **Comment**: 40 pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: Neural Computation, 2000, vol. 12, no. 8, p. 1839-1867
- **Summary**: We develop a theory for the temporal integration of visual motion motivated by psychophysical experiments. The theory proposes that input data are temporally grouped and used to predict and estimate the motion flows in the image sequence. This temporal grouping can be considered a generalization of the data association techniques used by engineers to study motion sequences. Our temporal-grouping theory is expressed in terms of the Bayesian generalization of standard Kalman filtering. To implement the theory we derive a parallel network which shares some properties of cortical networks. Computer simulations of this network demonstrate that our theory qualitatively accounts for psychophysical experiments on motion occlusion and motion outliers.



### Information Distance: New Developments
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.1221v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IT, math.IT, physics.data-an
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1201.1221v1)
- **Published**: 2012-01-05 17:14:18+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-01-05 17:14:18+00:00
- **Authors**: P. M. B. Vitanyi
- **Comment**: 4 pages, Latex; Series of Publications C, Report C-2011-45,
  Department of Computer Science, University of Helsinki, pp. 71-74
- **Journal**: Proc. 4th Workshop on Information Theoretic Methods in Science and
  Engineering (WITSME 2011), 2011, pp. 71-74
- **Summary**: In pattern recognition, learning, and data mining one obtains information from information-carrying objects. This involves an objective definition of the information in a single object, the information to go from one object to another object in a pair of objects, the information to go from one object to any other object in a multiple of objects, and the shared information between objects. This is called "information distance." We survey a selection of new developments in information distance.



