# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-01-25
### A New Local Adaptive Thresholding Technique in Binarization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.5227v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1201.5227v1)
- **Published**: 2012-01-25 10:17:30+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-01-25 10:17:30+00:00
- **Authors**: T. Romen Singh, Sudipta Roy, O. Imocha Singh, Tejmani Sinam, Kh. Manglem Singh
- **Comment**: ISSN (Online): 1694-0814 http://www.IJCSI.org 271
- **Journal**: IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science Issues, Vol. 8,
  Issue 6, No 2, (2011) 271-277
- **Summary**: Image binarization is the process of separation of pixel values into two groups, white as background and black as foreground. Thresholding plays a major in binarization of images. Thresholding can be categorized into global thresholding and local thresholding. In images with uniform contrast distribution of background and foreground like document images, global thresholding is more appropriate. In degraded document images, where considerable background noise or variation in contrast and illumination exists, there exists many pixels that cannot be easily classified as foreground or background. In such cases, binarization with local thresholding is more appropriate. This paper describes a locally adaptive thresholding technique that removes background by using local mean and mean deviation. Normally the local mean computational time depends on the window size. Our technique uses integral sum image as a prior processing to calculate local mean. It does not involve calculations of standard deviations as in other local adaptive techniques. This along with the fact that calculations of mean is independent of window size speed up the process as compared to other local thresholding techniques.



### Task-Driven Adaptive Statistical Compressive Sensing of Gaussian Mixture Models
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.5404v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TSP.2012.2225054
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1201.5404v1)
- **Published**: 2012-01-25 22:25:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-01-25 22:25:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Julio M. Duarte-Carvajalino, Guoshen Yu, Lawrence Carin, Guillermo Sapiro
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A framework for adaptive and non-adaptive statistical compressive sensing is developed, where a statistical model replaces the standard sparsity model of classical compressive sensing. We propose within this framework optimal task-specific sensing protocols specifically and jointly designed for classification and reconstruction. A two-step adaptive sensing paradigm is developed, where online sensing is applied to detect the signal class in the first step, followed by a reconstruction step adapted to the detected class and the observed samples. The approach is based on information theory, here tailored for Gaussian mixture models (GMMs), where an information-theoretic objective relationship between the sensed signals and a representation of the specific task of interest is maximized. Experimental results using synthetic signals, Landsat satellite attributes, and natural images of different sizes and with different noise levels show the improvements achieved using the proposed framework when compared to more standard sensing protocols. The underlying formulation can be applied beyond GMMs, at the price of higher mathematical and computational complexity.



