# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-01-15
### Automatic system for counting cells with elliptical shape
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.3109v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1201.3109v1)
- **Published**: 2012-01-15 17:42:07+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-01-15 17:42:07+00:00
- **Authors**: Wesley Nunes Gonçalves, Odemir Martinez Bruno
- **Comment**: Learning and NonLinear Models, Volume 9, Issue 1, 2011
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper presents a new method for automatic quantification of ellipse-like cells in images, an important and challenging problem that has been studied by the computer vision community. The proposed method can be described by two main steps. Initially, image segmentation based on the k-means algorithm is performed to separate different types of cells from the background. Then, a robust and efficient strategy is performed on the blob contour for touching cells splitting. Due to the contour processing, the method achieves excellent results of detection compared to manual detection performed by specialists.



### Enhancing Volumetric Bouligand-Minkowski Fractal Descriptors by using Functional Data Analysis
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.3116v1
- **DOI**: 10.1142/S0129183111016701
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.data-an
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1201.3116v1)
- **Published**: 2012-01-15 19:38:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-01-15 19:38:48+00:00
- **Authors**: João Batista Florindo, Mário de Castro, Odemir Martinez Bruno
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: International Journal of Modern Physics C, Volume: 22, Issue:
  9(2011) pp. 929-952
- **Summary**: This work proposes and study the concept of Functional Data Analysis transform, applying it to the performance improving of volumetric Bouligand-Minkowski fractal descriptors. The proposed transform consists essentially in changing the descriptors originally defined in the space of the calculus of fractal dimension into the space of coefficients used in the functional data representation of these descriptors. The transformed decriptors are used here in texture classification problems. The enhancement provided by the FDA transform is measured by comparing the transformed to the original descriptors in terms of the correctness rate in the classification of well known datasets.



### Shape analysis using fractal dimension: a curvature based approach
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.3118v1
- **DOI**: 10.1063/1.4757226
- **Categories**: **physics.data-an**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1201.3118v1)
- **Published**: 2012-01-15 20:19:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-01-15 20:19:11+00:00
- **Authors**: André R. Backes, João B. Florindo, Odemir M. Bruno
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The present work shows a novel fractal dimension method for shape analysis. The proposed technique extracts descriptors from the shape by applying a multiscale approach to the calculus of the fractal dimension of that shape. The fractal dimension is obtained by the application of the curvature scale-space technique to the original shape. Through the application of a multiscale transform to the dimension calculus, it is obtained a set of numbers (descriptors) capable of describing with a high precision the shape in analysis. The obtained descriptors are validated in a classification process. The results demonstrate that the novel technique provides descriptors highly reliable, confirming the precision of the proposed method.



### Fractal Descriptors in the Fourier Domain Applied to Color Texture Analysis
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.3133v2
- **DOI**: 10.1063/1.3650233
- **Categories**: **physics.data-an**, cs.CV, math.DS
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1201.3133v2)
- **Published**: 2012-01-15 22:33:43+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-02-20 01:20:34+00:00
- **Authors**: João Batista Florindo, Odemir Martinez Bruno
- **Comment**: Chaos, Volume 21, Issue 4, 2011
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The present work proposes the development of a novel method to provide descriptors for colored texture images. The method consists in two steps. In the first, we apply a linear transform in the color space of the image aiming at highlighting spatial structuring relations among the color of pixels. In a second moment, we apply a multiscale approach to the calculus of fractal dimension based on Fourier transform. From this multiscale operation, we extract the descriptors used to discriminate the texture represented in digital images. The accuracy of the method is verified in the classification of two color texture datasets, by comparing the performance of the proposed technique to other classical and state-of-the-art methods for color texture analysis. The results showed an advantage of almost 3% of the proposed technique over the second best approach.



