# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-01-19
### A Novel Approach to Fast Image Filtering Algorithm of Infrared Images based on Intro Sort Algorithm
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.3972v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1201.3972v1)
- **Published**: 2012-01-19 04:57:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-01-19 04:57:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Kapil Kumar Gupta, Rizwan Beg, Jitendra Kumar Niranjan
- **Comment**: 7 pages. arXiv admin note: substantial text with articles by
  Chih-Lung Lin et al.
- **Journal**: IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science Issues, Vol. 8,
  Issue 6, No 1, November 2011, 235-241
- **Summary**: In this study we investigate the fast image filtering algorithm based on Intro sort algorithm and fast noise reduction of infrared images. Main feature of the proposed approach is that no prior knowledge of noise required. It is developed based on Stefan- Boltzmann law and the Fourier law. We also investigate the fast noise reduction approach that has advantage of less computation load. In addition, it can retain edges, details, text information even if the size of the window increases. Intro sort algorithm begins with Quick sort and switches to heap sort when the recursion depth exceeds a level based on the number of elements being sorted. This approach has the advantage of fast noise reduction by reducing the comparison time. It also significantly speed up the noise reduction process and can apply to real-time image processing. This approach will extend the Infrared images applications for medicine and video conferencing.



### Image decomposition with anisotropic diffusion applied to leaf-texture analysis
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1201.4139v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1201.4139v1)
- **Published**: 2012-01-19 18:39:41+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-01-19 18:39:41+00:00
- **Authors**: Bruno Brandoli Machado, Wesley Nunes Gonçalves, Odemir Martinez Bruno
- **Comment**: Annals of Workshop of Computer Vision 2011
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Texture analysis is an important field of investigation that has received a great deal of interest from computer vision community. In this paper, we propose a novel approach for texture modeling based on partial differential equation (PDE). Each image $f$ is decomposed into a family of derived sub-images. $f$ is split into the $u$ component, obtained with anisotropic diffusion, and the $v$ component which is calculated by the difference between the original image and the $u$ component. After enhancing the texture attribute $v$ of the image, Gabor features are computed as descriptors. We validate the proposed approach on two texture datasets with high variability. We also evaluate our approach on an important real-world application: leaf-texture analysis. Experimental results indicate that our approach can be used to produce higher classification rates and can be successfully employed for different texture applications.



