# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-05-11
### Training Deeper Convolutional Networks with Deep Supervision
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1505.02496v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1505.02496v1)
- **Published**: 2015-05-11 06:26:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-05-11 06:26:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Liwei Wang, Chen-Yu Lee, Zhuowen Tu, Svetlana Lazebnik
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: One of the most promising ways of improving the performance of deep convolutional neural networks is by increasing the number of convolutional layers. However, adding layers makes training more difficult and computationally expensive. In order to train deeper networks, we propose to add auxiliary supervision branches after certain intermediate layers during training. We formulate a simple rule of thumb to determine where these branches should be added. The resulting deeply supervised structure makes the training much easier and also produces better classification results on ImageNet and the recently released, larger MIT Places dataset



### A Two-Layer Local Constrained Sparse Coding Method for Fine-Grained Visual Categorization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1505.02505v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 68T45, I.4.10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1505.02505v1)
- **Published**: 2015-05-11 07:34:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-05-11 07:34:35+00:00
- **Authors**: Guo Lihua, Guo Chenggan
- **Comment**: 19 pages, 12 figures, 8 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Fine-grained categories are more difficulty distinguished than generic categories due to the similarity of inter-class and the diversity of intra-class. Therefore, the fine-grained visual categorization (FGVC) is considered as one of challenge problems in computer vision recently. A new feature learning framework, which is based on a two-layer local constrained sparse coding architecture, is proposed in this paper. The two-layer architecture is introduced for learning intermediate-level features, and the local constrained term is applied to guarantee the local smooth of coding coefficients. For extracting more discriminative information, local orientation histograms are the input of sparse coding instead of raw pixels. Moreover, a quick dictionary updating process is derived to further improve the training speed. Two experimental results show that our method achieves 85.29% accuracy on the Oxford 102 flowers dataset and 67.8% accuracy on the CUB-200-2011 bird dataset, and the performance of our framework is highly competitive with existing literatures.



### Removing Camera Shake via Weighted Fourier Burst Accumulation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1505.02731v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2015.2442914
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1505.02731v2)
- **Published**: 2015-05-11 19:02:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-12-04 15:10:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Mauricio Delbracio, Guillermo Sapiro
- **Comment**: Errata with respect to published version: Algorithm 1, lines 9 and
  10: w_i is replaced by w^p_i (as was correctly stated in Eq (9))
- **Journal**: Image Processing, IEEE Transactions on, Year: 2015, Volume: 24,
  Issue: 11, Pages: 3293 - 3307
- **Summary**: Numerous recent approaches attempt to remove image blur due to camera shake, either with one or multiple input images, by explicitly solving an inverse and inherently ill-posed deconvolution problem. If the photographer takes a burst of images, a modality available in virtually all modern digital cameras, we show that it is possible to combine them to get a clean sharp version. This is done without explicitly solving any blur estimation and subsequent inverse problem. The proposed algorithm is strikingly simple: it performs a weighted average in the Fourier domain, with weights depending on the Fourier spectrum magnitude. The method can be seen as a generalization of the align and average procedure, with a weighted average, motivated by hand-shake physiology and theoretically supported, taking place in the Fourier domain. The method's rationale is that camera shake has a random nature and therefore each image in the burst is generally blurred differently. Experiments with real camera data, and extensive comparisons, show that the proposed Fourier Burst Accumulation (FBA) algorithm achieves state-of-the-art results an order of magnitude faster, with simplicity for on-board implementation on camera phones. Finally, we also present experiments in real high dynamic range (HDR) scenes, showing how the method can be straightforwardly extended to HDR photography.



