# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-12-01
### Survey on Various Gesture Recognition Techniques for Interfacing Machines Based on Ambient Intelligence
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1012.0084v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijcses.2010.1203
- **Categories**: **cs.AI**, cs.CV, cs.HC, cs.RO, 68-02
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1012.0084v1)
- **Published**: 2010-12-01 02:54:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-12-01 02:54:24+00:00
- **Authors**: Harshith C, Karthik R. Shastry, Manoj Ravindran, M. V. V. N. S. Srikanth, Naveen Lakshmikhanth
- **Comment**: 12 PAGES
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Gesture recognition is mainly apprehensive on analyzing the functionality of human wits. The main goal of gesture recognition is to create a system which can recognize specific human gestures and use them to convey information or for device control. Hand gestures provide a separate complementary modality to speech for expressing ones ideas. Information associated with hand gestures in a conversation is degree,discourse structure, spatial and temporal structure. The approaches present can be mainly divided into Data-Glove Based and Vision Based approaches. An important face feature point is the nose tip. Since nose is the highest protruding point from the face. Besides that, it is not affected by facial expressions.Another important function of the nose is that it is able to indicate the head pose. Knowledge of the nose location will enable us to align an unknown 3D face with those in a face database. Eye detection is divided into eye position detection and eye contour detection. Existing works in eye detection can be classified into two major categories: traditional image-based passive approaches and the active IR based approaches. The former uses intensity and shape of eyes for detection and the latter works on the assumption that eyes have a reflection under near IR illumination and produce bright/dark pupil effect. The traditional methods can be broadly classified into three categories: template based methods,appearance based methods and feature based methods. The purpose of this paper is to compare various human Gesture recognition systems for interfacing machines directly to human wits without any corporeal media in an ambient environment.



### An Effective Method of Image Retrieval using Image Mining Techniques
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1012.0223v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijma.2010.2402
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1012.0223v1)
- **Published**: 2010-12-01 15:34:50+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-12-01 15:34:50+00:00
- **Authors**: A. Kannan, V. Mohan, N. Anbazhagan
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The present research scholars are having keen interest in doing their research activities in the area of Data mining all over the world. Especially, [13]Mining Image data is the one of the essential features in this present scenario since image data plays vital role in every aspect of the system such as business for marketing, hospital for surgery, engineering for construction, Web for publication and so on. The other area in the Image mining system is the Content-Based Image Retrieval (CBIR) which performs retrieval based on the similarity defined in terms of extracted features with more objectiveness. The drawback in CBIR is the features of the query image alone are considered. Hence, a new technique called Image retrieval based on optimum clusters is proposed for improving user interaction with image retrieval systems by fully exploiting the similarity information. The index is created by describing the images according to their color characteristics, with compact feature vectors, that represent typical color distributions [12].



