# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-12-06
### Image Deblurring and Super-resolution by Adaptive Sparse Domain Selection and Adaptive Regularization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1012.1184v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2011.2108306
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM, 68U10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1012.1184v1)
- **Published**: 2010-12-06 14:37:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-12-06 14:37:14+00:00
- **Authors**: Weisheng Dong, Lei Zhang, Guangming Shi, Xiaolin Wu
- **Comment**: 35 pages. This paper is under review in IEEE TIP
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: As a powerful statistical image modeling technique, sparse representation has been successfully used in various image restoration applications. The success of sparse representation owes to the development of l1-norm optimization techniques, and the fact that natural images are intrinsically sparse in some domain. The image restoration quality largely depends on whether the employed sparse domain can represent well the underlying image. Considering that the contents can vary significantly across different images or different patches in a single image, we propose to learn various sets of bases from a pre-collected dataset of example image patches, and then for a given patch to be processed, one set of bases are adaptively selected to characterize the local sparse domain. We further introduce two adaptive regularization terms into the sparse representation framework. First, a set of autoregressive (AR) models are learned from the dataset of example image patches. The best fitted AR models to a given patch are adaptively selected to regularize the image local structures. Second, the image non-local self-similarity is introduced as another regularization term. In addition, the sparsity regularization parameter is adaptively estimated for better image restoration performance. Extensive experiments on image deblurring and super-resolution validate that by using adaptive sparse domain selection and adaptive regularization, the proposed method achieves much better results than many state-of-the-art algorithms in terms of both PSNR and visual perception.



### Automatic Image Segmentation by Dynamic Region Merging
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1012.1193v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2011.2157512
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.RO, 68T45
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1012.1193v1)
- **Published**: 2010-12-06 14:56:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-12-06 14:56:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Bo Peng, Lei Zhang, David Zhang
- **Comment**: 28 pages. This paper is under review in IEEE TIP
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper addresses the automatic image segmentation problem in a region merging style. With an initially over-segmented image, in which the many regions (or super-pixels) with homogeneous color are detected, image segmentation is performed by iteratively merging the regions according to a statistical test. There are two essential issues in a region merging algorithm: order of merging and the stopping criterion. In the proposed algorithm, these two issues are solved by a novel predicate, which is defined by the sequential probability ratio test (SPRT) and the maximum likelihood criterion. Starting from an over-segmented image, neighboring regions are progressively merged if there is an evidence for merging according to this predicate. We show that the merging order follows the principle of dynamic programming. This formulates image segmentation as an inference problem, where the final segmentation is established based on the observed image. We also prove that the produced segmentation satisfies certain global properties. In addition, a faster algorithm is developed to accelerate the region merging process, which maintains a nearest neighbor graph in each iteration. Experiments on real natural images are conducted to demonstrate the performance of the proposed dynamic region merging algorithm.



