# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-11-05
### Dropout improves Recurrent Neural Networks for Handwriting Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1312.4569v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, cs.NE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1312.4569v2)
- **Published**: 2013-11-05 10:45:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-10 15:34:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Vu Pham, Théodore Bluche, Christopher Kermorvant, Jérôme Louradour
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Recurrent neural networks (RNNs) with Long Short-Term memory cells currently hold the best known results in unconstrained handwriting recognition. We show that their performance can be greatly improved using dropout - a recently proposed regularization method for deep architectures. While previous works showed that dropout gave superior performance in the context of convolutional networks, it had never been applied to RNNs. In our approach, dropout is carefully used in the network so that it does not affect the recurrent connections, hence the power of RNNs in modeling sequence is preserved. Extensive experiments on a broad range of handwritten databases confirm the effectiveness of dropout on deep architectures even when the network mainly consists of recurrent and shared connections.



### Motion and audio analysis in mobile devices for remote monitoring of physical activities and user authentication
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1311.1132v1
- **DOI**: 10.1080/17489725.2011.644331
- **Categories**: **cs.HC**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.1132v1)
- **Published**: 2013-11-05 17:30:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-11-05 17:30:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Hamed Ketabdar, Jalaluddin Qureshi, Pan Hui
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Journal of Location Based Services, Volume 5, Issue 3-4, 2011, pp.
  180-200, Special Issue: The social and behavioural implications of
  location-based services
- **Summary**: In this article we propose the use of accelerometer embedded by default in smartphone as a cost-effective, reliable and efficient way to provide remote physical activity monitoring for the elderly and people requiring healthcare service. Mobile phones are regularly carried by users during their day-to-day work routine, physical movement information can be captured by the mobile phone accelerometer, processed and sent to a remote server for monitoring. The acceleration pattern can deliver information related to the pattern of physical activities the user is engaged in. We further show how this technique can be extended to provide implicit real-time security by analysing unexpected movements captured by the phone accelerometer, and automatically locking the phone in such situation to prevent unauthorised access. This technique is also shown to provide implicit continuous user authentication, by capturing regular user movements such as walking, and requesting for re-authentication whenever it detects a non-regular movement.



### Quality Assessment of Pixel-Level ImageFusion Using Fuzzy Logic
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1311.1223v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijsc.2012.3102
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.1223v1)
- **Published**: 2013-11-05 21:13:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-11-05 21:13:14+00:00
- **Authors**: Srinivasa Rao Dammavalam, Seetha Maddala, M. H. M. Krishna Prasad
- **Comment**: 13 pages. arXiv admin note: substantial text overlap with
  arXiv:1212.0318
- **Journal**: International Journal on Soft Computing ( IJSC) Vol.3, No.1,
  February 2012
- **Summary**: Image fusion is to reduce uncertainty and minimize redundancy in the output while maximizing relevant information from two or more images of a scene into a single composite image that is more informative and is more suitable for visual perception or processing tasks like medical imaging, remote sensing, concealed weapon detection, weather forecasting, biometrics etc. Image fusion combines registered images to produce a high quality fused image with spatial and spectral information. The fused image with more information will improve the performance of image analysis algorithms used in different applications. In this paper, we proposed a fuzzy logic method to fuse images from different sensors, in order to enhance the quality and compared proposed method with two other methods i.e. image fusion using wavelet transform and weighted average discrete wavelet transform based image fusion using genetic algorithm (here onwards abbreviated as GA) along with quality evaluation parameters image quality index (IQI), mutual information measure (MIM), root mean square error (RMSE), peak signal to noise ratio (PSNR), fusion factor (FF), fusion symmetry (FS) and fusion index (FI) and entropy. The results obtained from proposed fuzzy based image fusion approach improves quality of fused image as compared to earlier reported methods, wavelet transform based image fusion and weighted average discrete wavelet transform based image fusion using genetic algorithm.



