# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-11-15
### Recognizing Image Style
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1311.3715v3
- **DOI**: 10.5244/C.28.122
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.3715v3)
- **Published**: 2013-11-15 03:37:50+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-23 07:56:20+00:00
- **Authors**: Sergey Karayev, Matthew Trentacoste, Helen Han, Aseem Agarwala, Trevor Darrell, Aaron Hertzmann, Holger Winnemoeller
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Proc. British Machine Vision Conference (BMVC) 2014
- **Summary**: The style of an image plays a significant role in how it is viewed, but style has received little attention in computer vision research. We describe an approach to predicting style of images, and perform a thorough evaluation of different image features for these tasks. We find that features learned in a multi-layer network generally perform best -- even when trained with object class (not style) labels. Our large-scale learning methods results in the best published performance on an existing dataset of aesthetic ratings and photographic style annotations. We present two novel datasets: 80K Flickr photographs annotated with 20 curated style labels, and 85K paintings annotated with 25 style/genre labels. Our approach shows excellent classification performance on both datasets. We use the learned classifiers to extend traditional tag-based image search to consider stylistic constraints, and demonstrate cross-dataset understanding of style.



### Periodicity Extraction using Superposition of Distance Matching Function and One-dimensional Haar Wavelet Transform
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1311.3808v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 65D19, 65T60, 11K70, 62H30, I.0; I.2.7
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.3808v1)
- **Published**: 2013-11-15 11:02:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-11-15 11:02:39+00:00
- **Authors**: V. Asha, N. U. Bhajantri, P. Nagabhushan
- **Comment**: 12 pages, ICSCI-2010
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Periodicity of a texture is one of the important visual characteristics and is often used as a measure for textural discrimination at the structural level. Knowledge about periodicity of a texture is very essential in the field of texture synthesis and texture compression and also in the design of frieze and wall papers. In this paper, we propose a method of periodicity extraction from noisy images based on superposition of distance matching function (DMF) and wavelet decomposition without de-noising the test images. Overall DMFs are subjected to single-level Haar wavelet decomposition to obtain approximate and detailed coefficients. Extracted coefficients help in determination of periodicities in row and column directions. We illustrate the usefulness and the effectiveness of the proposed method in a texture synthesis application.



