# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-11-01
### Structure-preserving color transformations using Laplacian commutativity
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1311.0119v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.GR, math.SP
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.0119v1)
- **Published**: 2013-11-01 08:48:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-11-01 08:48:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Davide Eynard, Artiom Kovnatsky, Michael M. Bronstein
- **Comment**: 11 pages, 8 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Mappings between color spaces are ubiquitous in image processing problems such as gamut mapping, decolorization, and image optimization for color-blind people. Simple color transformations often result in information loss and ambiguities (for example, when mapping from RGB to grayscale), and one wishes to find an image-specific transformation that would preserve as much as possible the structure of the original image in the target color space. In this paper, we propose Laplacian colormaps, a generic framework for structure-preserving color transformations between images. We use the image Laplacian to capture the structural information, and show that if the color transformation between two images preserves the structure, the respective Laplacians have similar eigenvectors, or in other words, are approximately jointly diagonalizable. Employing the relation between joint diagonalizability and commutativity of matrices, we use Laplacians commutativity as a criterion of color mapping quality and minimize it w.r.t. the parameters of a color transformation to achieve optimal structure preservation. We show numerous applications of our approach, including color-to-gray conversion, gamut mapping, multispectral image fusion, and image optimization for color deficient viewers.



### Reconstruction of Complex-Valued Fractional Brownian Motion Fields Based on Compressive Sampling and Its Application to PSF Interpolation in Weak Lensing Survey
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1311.0124v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, astro-ph.CO
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.0124v1)
- **Published**: 2013-11-01 09:11:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-11-01 09:11:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Andriyan B. Suksmono
- **Comment**: 33 pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A new reconstruction method of complex-valued fractional Brownian motion (CV-fBm) field based on Compressive Sampling (CS) is proposed. The decay property of Fourier coefficients magnitude of the fBm signals/ fields indicates that fBms are compressible. Therefore, a few numbers of samples will be sufficient for a CS based method to reconstruct the full field. The effectiveness of the proposed method is showed by simulating, random sampling, and reconstructing CV-fBm fields. Performance evaluation shows advantages of the proposed method over boxcar filtering and thin plate methods. It is also found that the reconstruction performance depends on both of the fBm's Hurst parameter and the number of samples, which in fact is consistent with the CS reconstruction theory. In contrast to other fBm or fractal interpolation methods, the proposed CS based method does not require the knowledge of fractal parameters in the reconstruction process; the inherent sparsity is just sufficient for the CS to do the reconstruction. Potential applicability of the proposed method in weak gravitational lensing survey, particularly for interpolating non-smooth PSF (Point Spread Function) distribution representing distortion by a turbulent field is also discussed.



### Iterative Bilateral Filtering of Polarimetric SAR Data
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1311.0162v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/JSTARS.2013.2256881
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.0162v1)
- **Published**: 2013-11-01 12:20:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-11-01 12:20:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Olivier D'Hondt, Stéphane Guillaso, Olaf Hellwich
- **Comment**: Available:
  http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/articleDetails.jsp?arnumber=6509975
- **Journal**: Selected Topics in Applied Earth Observations and Remote Sensing,
  IEEE Journal of (Volume:6, Issue: 3 ) 2013
- **Summary**: In this paper, we introduce an iterative speckle filtering method for polarimetric SAR (PolSAR) images based on the bilateral filter. To locally adapt to the spatial structure of images, this filter relies on pixel similarities in both spatial and radiometric domains. To deal with polarimetric data, we study the use of similarities based on a statistical distance called Kullback-Leibler divergence as well as two geodesic distances on Riemannian manifolds. To cope with speckle, we propose to progressively refine the result thanks to an iterative scheme. Experiments are run over synthetic and experimental data. First, simulations are generated to study the effects of filtering parameters in terms of polarimetric reconstruction error, edge preservation and smoothing of homogeneous areas. Comparison with other methods shows that our approach compares well to other state of the art methods in the extraction of polarimetric information and shows superior performance for edge restoration and noise smoothing. The filter is then applied to experimental data sets from ESAR and FSAR sensors (DLR) at L-band and S-band, respectively. These last experiments show the ability of the filter to restore structures such as buildings and roads and to preserve boundaries between regions while achieving a high amount of smoothing in homogeneous areas.



