# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-11-06
### Face Recognition via Globality-Locality Preserving Projections
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1311.1279v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.1279v1)
- **Published**: 2013-11-06 03:16:21+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-11-06 03:16:21+00:00
- **Authors**: Sheng Huang, Dan Yang, Fei Yang, Yongxin Ge, Xiaohong Zhang, Jiwen Lu
- **Comment**: 18 pages, 17 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present an improved Locality Preserving Projections (LPP) method, named Gloablity-Locality Preserving Projections (GLPP), to preserve both the global and local geometric structures of data. In our approach, an additional constraint of the geometry of classes is imposed to the objective function of conventional LPP for respecting some more global manifold structures. Moreover, we formulate a two-dimensional extension of GLPP (2D-GLPP) as an example to show how to extend GLPP with some other statistical techniques. We apply our works to face recognition on four popular face databases, namely ORL, Yale, FERET and LFW-A databases, and extensive experimental results demonstrate that the considered global manifold information can significantly improve the performance of LPP and the proposed face recognition methods outperform the state-of-the-arts.



### Vision-Guided Robot Hearing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1311.2460v2
- **DOI**: 10.1177/0278364914548050
- **Categories**: **cs.RO**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.2460v2)
- **Published**: 2013-11-06 12:21:31+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-12-16 09:02:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Xavier Alameda-Pineda, Radu Horaud
- **Comment**: 26 pages, many figures and tables, journal
- **Journal**: International Journal of Robotics Research, 34 (4-5), 437-456,
  2015
- **Summary**: Natural human-robot interaction in complex and unpredictable environments is one of the main research lines in robotics. In typical real-world scenarios, humans are at some distance from the robot and the acquired signals are strongly impaired by noise, reverberations and other interfering sources. In this context, the detection and localisation of speakers plays a key role since it is the pillar on which several tasks (e.g.: speech recognition and speaker tracking) rely. We address the problem of how to detect and localize people that are both seen and heard by a humanoid robot. We introduce a hybrid deterministic/probabilistic model. Indeed, the deterministic component allows us to map the visual information into the auditory space. By means of the probabilistic component, the visual features guide the grouping of the auditory features in order to form AV objects. The proposed model and the associated algorithm are implemented in real-time (17 FPS) using a stereoscopic camera pair and two microphones embedded into the head of the humanoid robot NAO. We performed experiments on (i) synthetic data, (ii) a publicly available data set and (iii) data acquired using the robot. The results we obtained validate the approach and encourage us to further investigate how vision can help robot hearing.



