# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-02-08
### Surveillance Video Processing Using Compressive Sensing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.1942v1
- **DOI**: 10.3934/ipi.2012.6.201
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IT, math.IT, Primary: 00A69, 41-02, Secondary: 46N10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.1942v1)
- **Published**: 2013-02-08 04:47:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-02-08 04:47:22+00:00
- **Authors**: Hong Jiang, Wei Deng, Zuowei Shen
- **Comment**: 14 pages, 5 figures
- **Journal**: Inverse Problems and Imaging, Volume 6, No. 2, 2012, 201-214
- **Summary**: A compressive sensing method combined with decomposition of a matrix formed with image frames of a surveillance video into low rank and sparse matrices is proposed to segment the background and extract moving objects in a surveillance video. The video is acquired by compressive measurements, and the measurements are used to reconstruct the video by a low rank and sparse decomposition of matrix. The low rank component represents the background, and the sparse component is used to identify moving objects in the surveillance video. The decomposition is performed by an augmented Lagrangian alternating direction method. Experiments are carried out to demonstrate that moving objects can be reliably extracted with a small amount of measurements.



### A new compressive video sensing framework for mobile broadcast
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.1947v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TBC.2012.2226509
- **Categories**: **cs.MM**, cs.CV, cs.IT, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.1947v1)
- **Published**: 2013-02-08 05:18:49+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-02-08 05:18:49+00:00
- **Authors**: Chengbo Li, Hong Jiang, Paul Wilford, Yin Zhang, Mike Scheutzow
- **Comment**: 9 pages, 12 figures
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Broadcasting VOL 59 NO 1 MARCH 2013 pp. 197 -
  205
- **Summary**: A new video coding method based on compressive sampling is proposed. In this method, a video is coded using compressive measurements on video cubes. Video reconstruction is performed by minimization of total variation (TV) of the pixelwise DCT coefficients along the temporal direction. A new reconstruction algorithm is developed from TVAL3, an efficient TV minimization algorithm based on the alternating minimization and augmented Lagrangian methods. Video coding with this method is inherently scalable, and has applications in mobile broadcast.



### pROST : A Smoothed Lp-norm Robust Online Subspace Tracking Method for Realtime Background Subtraction in Video
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.2073v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.2073v2)
- **Published**: 2013-02-08 16:14:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-28 15:11:00+00:00
- **Authors**: Florian Seidel, Clemens Hage, Martin Kleinsteuber
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: An increasing number of methods for background subtraction use Robust PCA to identify sparse foreground objects. While many algorithms use the L1-norm as a convex relaxation of the ideal sparsifying function, we approach the problem with a smoothed Lp-norm and present pROST, a method for robust online subspace tracking. The algorithm is based on alternating minimization on manifolds. Implemented on a graphics processing unit it achieves realtime performance. Experimental results on a state-of-the-art benchmark for background subtraction on real-world video data indicate that the method succeeds at a broad variety of background subtraction scenarios, and it outperforms competing approaches when video quality is deteriorated by camera jitter.



