# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-02-15
### A Fresnelet-Based Encryption of Medical Images using Arnold Transform
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.3702v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CR**, cs.CV, 68U10, 68M11
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.3702v1)
- **Published**: 2013-02-15 09:06:05+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-02-15 09:06:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Muhammad Nazeer, Bibi Nargis, Yasir Mehmood Malik, Dai-Gyoung Kim
- **Comment**: 16 pages, 11 figures, Journal Paper
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Medical images are commonly stored in digital media and transmitted via Internet for certain uses. If a medical information image alters, this can lead to a wrong diagnosis which may create a serious health problem. Moreover, medical images in digital form can easily be modified by wiping off or adding small pieces of information intentionally for certain illegal purposes. Hence, the reliability of medical images is an important criterion in a hospital information system. In this paper, Fresnelet transform is employed along with appropriate handling of the Arnold transform and the discrete cosine transform to provide secure distribution of medical images. This method presents a new data hiding system in which steganography and cryptography are used to prevent unauthorized data access. The experimental results exhibit high imperceptibility for embedded images and significant encryption of information images.



### Analysis of Descent-Based Image Registration
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.3785v2
- **DOI**: 10.1137/130909858
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.3785v2)
- **Published**: 2013-02-15 15:45:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-02 17:23:24+00:00
- **Authors**: Elif Vural, Pascal Frossard
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: SIAM Journal on Imaging Sciences, Vol. 6, No. 4, pp 2310-2349,
  2013
- **Summary**: We present a performance analysis for image registration with gradient descent methods. We consider a typical multiscale registration setting where the global 2-D translation between a pair of images is estimated by smoothing the images and minimizing the distance between them with gradient descent. Our study particularly concentrates on the effect of noise and low-pass filtering on the alignment accuracy. We adopt an analytic representation for images and analyze the well-behavedness of the image distance function by estimating the neighborhood of translations for which it is free of undesired local minima. This corresponds to the neighborhood of translation vectors that are correctly computable with a simple gradient descent minimization. We show that the area of this neighborhood increases at least quadratically with the smoothing filter size, which justifies the use of a smoothing step in image registration with local optimizers such as gradient descent. We then examine the effect of noise on the alignment accuracy and derive an upper bound for the alignment error in terms of the noise properties and filter size. Our main finding is that the error increases at a rate that is at least linear with respect to the filter size. Therefore, smoothing improves the well-behavedness of the distance function; however, this comes at the cost of amplifying the alignment error in noisy settings. Our results provide a mathematical insight about why hierarchical techniques are effective in image registration, suggesting that the multiscale coarse-to-fine alignment strategy of these techniques is very suitable from the perspective of the trade-off between the well-behavedness of the objective function and the registration accuracy. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first such study for descent-based image registration.



### Robust Image Segmentation in Low Depth Of Field Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.3900v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2005.846030
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.3900v1)
- **Published**: 2013-02-15 21:49:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-02-15 21:49:26+00:00
- **Authors**: Franz Graf, Hans-Peter Kriegel, Michael Weiler
- **Comment**: Extended Version of the short paper published in "Robust Image
  Segmentation in Low Depth Of Field Images", IEEE International Conference on
  Image Processing 2011 (ICIP). The paper contains a lot more details about the
  algorithm and more evaluation
- **Journal**: Extended Version of "Robust Image Segmentation in Low Depth Of
  Field Images", IEEE International Conference on Image Processing 2011 (ICIP)
- **Summary**: In photography, low depth of field (DOF) is an important technique to emphasize the object of interest (OOI) within an image. Thus, low DOF images are widely used in the application area of macro, portrait or sports photography. When viewing a low DOF image, the viewer implicitly concentrates on the regions that are sharper regions of the image and thus segments the image into regions of interest and non regions of interest which has a major impact on the perception of the image. Thus, a robust algorithm for the fully automatic detection of the OOI in low DOF images provides valuable information for subsequent image processing and image retrieval. In this paper we propose a robust and parameterless algorithm for the fully automatic segmentation of low DOF images. We compare our method with three similar methods and show the superior robustness even though our algorithm does not require any parameters to be set by hand. The experiments are conducted on a real world data set with high and low DOF images.



