# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-02-25
### A Meta-Theory of Boundary Detection Benchmarks
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.5985v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.5985v1)
- **Published**: 2013-02-25 03:12:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-02-25 03:12:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Xiaodi Hou, Alan Yuille, Christof Koch
- **Comment**: NIPS 2012 Workshop on Human Computation for Science and Computational
  Sustainability
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Human labeled datasets, along with their corresponding evaluation algorithms, play an important role in boundary detection. We here present a psychophysical experiment that addresses the reliability of such benchmarks. To find better remedies to evaluate the performance of any boundary detection algorithm, we propose a computational framework to remove inappropriate human labels and estimate the intrinsic properties of boundaries.



### Image restoration using sparse approximations of spatially varying blur operators in the wavelet domain
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.6105v2
- **DOI**: 10.1088/1742-6596/464/1/012004
- **Categories**: **math.OC**, cs.CV, math.NA
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.6105v2)
- **Published**: 2013-02-25 14:36:33+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-05-30 19:04:48+00:00
- **Authors**: Paul Escande, Pierre Weiss, Francois Malgouyres
- **Comment**: 6 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Restoration of images degraded by spatially varying blurs is an issue of increasing importance in the context of photography, satellite or microscopy imaging. One of the main difficulty to solve this problem comes from the huge dimensions of the blur matrix. It prevents the use of naive approaches for performing matrix-vector multiplications. In this paper, we propose to approximate the blur operator by a matrix sparse in the wavelet domain. We justify this approach from a mathematical point of view and investigate the approximation quality numerically. We finish by showing that the sparsity pattern of the matrix can be pre-defined, which is central in tasks such as blind deconvolution.



