# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-02-20
### An Optical Watermarking Solution for Color Personal Identification Pictures
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.4784v1
- **DOI**: 10.1117/12.839630
- **Categories**: **cs.MM**, cs.CV, physics.optics
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.4784v1)
- **Published**: 2013-02-20 01:06:59+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-02-20 01:06:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Tan Yi-zhou, Liu Hai-bo, Huang Shui-hua, Sheng Ben-jian, Pan Zhong-ming
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: 2009 International Conference on Optical Instruments and
  Technology: Optoelectronic
- **Summary**: This paper presents a new approach for embedding authentication information into image on printed materials based on optical projection technique. Our experimental setup consists of two parts, one is a common camera, and the other is a LCD projector, which project a pattern on personnel's body (especially on the face). The pattern, generated by a computer, act as the illumination light source with sinusoidal distribution and it is also the watermark signal. For a color image, the watermark is embedded into the blue channel. While we take pictures (256 *256 and 512*512, 567*390 pixels, respectively), an invisible mark is embedded directly into magnitude oefficients of Discrete Fourier transform (DFT) at exposure moment. Both optical an d digital correlation is suitable for detection of this type of watermark. The decoded watermark is a set of concentric circles or sectors in the DFT domain (middle frequencies region) which is robust to photographing, printing and scanning. The unlawful people modify or replace the original photograph, and make fake passport (drivers' license and so on). Experiments show, it is difficult to forge certificates in which a watermark was embedded by our projector-camera combination based on analogue watermark method rather than classical digital method.



### Matching Pursuit LASSO Part II: Applications and Sparse Recovery over Batch Signals
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.5010v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.5010v2)
- **Published**: 2013-02-20 16:09:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-12-24 00:14:31+00:00
- **Authors**: Mingkui Tan, Ivor W. Tsang, Li Wang
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Matching Pursuit LASSIn Part I \cite{TanPMLPart1}, a Matching Pursuit LASSO ({MPL}) algorithm has been presented for solving large-scale sparse recovery (SR) problems. In this paper, we present a subspace search to further improve the performance of MPL, and then continue to address another major challenge of SR -- batch SR with many signals, a consideration which is absent from most of previous $\ell_1$-norm methods. As a result, a batch-mode {MPL} is developed to vastly speed up sparse recovery of many signals simultaneously. Comprehensive numerical experiments on compressive sensing and face recognition tasks demonstrate the superior performance of MPL and BMPL over other methods considered in this paper, in terms of sparse recovery ability and efficiency. In particular, BMPL is up to 400 times faster than existing $\ell_1$-norm methods considered to be state-of-the-art.O Part II: Applications and Sparse Recovery over Batch Signals



