# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-02-26
### Image-based Face Detection and Recognition: "State of the Art"
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.6379v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.6379v1)
- **Published**: 2013-02-26 10:12:30+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-02-26 10:12:30+00:00
- **Authors**: Faizan Ahmad, Aaima Najam, Zeeshan Ahmed
- **Comment**: 4 pages, 3 table, 4 figure
- **Journal**: IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science Issues, Vol. 9,
  Issue 6, No 1, November 2012 ISSN (Online): 1694-0814
- **Summary**: Face recognition from image or video is a popular topic in biometrics research. Many public places usually have surveillance cameras for video capture and these cameras have their significant value for security purpose. It is widely acknowledged that the face recognition have played an important role in surveillance system as it doesn't need the object's cooperation. The actual advantages of face based identification over other biometrics are uniqueness and acceptance. As human face is a dynamic object having high degree of variability in its appearance, that makes face detection a difficult problem in computer vision. In this field, accuracy and speed of identification is a main issue.   The goal of this paper is to evaluate various face detection and recognition methods, provide complete solution for image based face detection and recognition with higher accuracy, better response rate as an initial step for video surveillance. Solution is proposed based on performed tests on various face rich databases in terms of subjects, pose, emotions, race and light.



### Geodesic-based Salient Object Detection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.6557v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.6557v2)
- **Published**: 2013-02-26 19:52:02+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-23 18:41:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Richard M Jiang
- **Comment**: The manuscript was submitted to a conference. Due to anonymous review
  policy by the conference, I'd like to withdraw it temporarily
- **Journal**: This is a revised version of our submissions to CVPR 2012, SIGRAPH
  Asia 2012, and CVPR 2013;
- **Summary**: Saliency detection has been an intuitive way to provide useful cues for object detection and segmentation, as desired for many vision and graphics applications. In this paper, we provided a robust method for salient object detection and segmentation. Other than using various pixel-level contrast definitions, we exploited global image structures and proposed a new geodesic method dedicated for salient object detection. In the proposed approach, a new geodesic scheme, namely geodesic tunneling is proposed to tackle with textures and local chaotic structures. With our new geodesic approach, a geodesic saliency map is estimated in correspondence to spatial structures in an image. Experimental evaluation on a salient object benchmark dataset validated that our algorithm consistently outperformed a number of the state-of-art saliency methods, yielding higher precision and better recall rates. With the robust saliency estimation, we also present an unsupervised hierarchical salient object cut scheme simply using adaptive saliency thresholding, which attained the highest score in our F-measure test. We also applied our geodesic cut scheme to a number of image editing tasks as demonstrated in additional experiments.



