# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-02-13
### Object Recognition with Imperfect Perception and Redundant Description
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.3556v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.3556v1)
- **Published**: 2013-02-13 14:12:00+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-02-13 14:12:00+00:00
- **Authors**: Claude Barrouil, Jerome Lemaire
- **Comment**: Appears in Proceedings of the Twelfth Conference on Uncertainty in
  Artificial Intelligence (UAI1996)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper deals with a scene recognition system in a robotics contex. The general problem is to match images with <I>a priori</I> descriptions. A typical mission would consist in identifying an object in an installation with a vision system situated at the end of a manipulator and with a human operator provided description, formulated in a pseudo-natural language, and possibly redundant. The originality of this work comes from the nature of the description, from the special attention given to the management of imprecision and uncertainty in the interpretation process and from the way to assess the description redundancy so as to reinforce the overall matching likelihood.



### Morphological Analusis Of The Left Ventricular Eendocardial Surface Using A Bag-Of-Features Descriptor
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1302.3155v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1302.3155v1)
- **Published**: 2013-02-13 16:25:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-02-13 16:25:19+00:00
- **Authors**: Anirban Mukhopadhyay, Zhen Qian, Suchendra M. Bhandarkar, Tianming Liu, Sarah Rinehart, Szilard Voros
- **Comment**: Submitted to Medical Image Analysis
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The limitations of conventional imaging techniques have hitherto precluded a thorough and formal investigation of the complex morphology of the left ventricular (LV) endocardial surface and its relation to the severity of Coronary Artery Disease (CAD). Recent developments in high-resolution Multirow-Detector Computed Tomography (MDCT) scanner technology have enabled the imaging of LV endocardial surface morphology in a single heart beat. Analysis of high-resolution Computed Tomography (CT) images from a 320-MDCT scanner allows the study of the relationship between percent Diameter Stenosis (DS) of the major coronary arteries and localization of the cardiac segments affected by coronary arterial stenosis. In this paper a novel approach for the analysis using a combination of rigid transformation-invariant shape descriptors and a more generalized isometry-invariant Bag-of-Features (BoF) descriptor, is proposed and implemented. The proposed approach is shown to be successful in identifying, localizing and quantifying the incidence and extent of CAD and thus, is seen to have a potentially significant clinical impact. Specifically, the association between the incidence and extent of CAD, determined via the percent DS measurements of the major coronary arteries, and the alterations in the endocardial surface morphology is formally quantified. A multivariate regression test performed on a strict leave-one-out basis are shown to exhibit a distinct pattern in terms of the correlation coefficient within the cardiac segments where the incidence of coronary arterial stenosis is localized.



