# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-02-01
### Smart depth of field optimization applied to a robotised view camera
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1102.0048v2
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s10851-011-0306-y
- **Categories**: **math.OC**, cs.CV, cs.RO
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1102.0048v2)
- **Published**: 2011-02-01 01:05:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-04-18 11:16:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Stéphane Mottelet, Luc de Saint Germain, Olivier Mondin
- **Comment**: 17 pages, 19 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The great flexibility of a view camera allows to take high quality photographs that would not be possible any other way. But making a given object into focus is a long and tedious task, although the underlying laws are well known. This paper presents the result of a project which has lead to the design of a computer controlled view camera and to its companion software. Thanks to the high precision machining of its components, and to the known optical parameters of lenses and sensor, we have been able to consider a reliable mathematical model of the view camera, allowing the acquisition of 3D coordinates to build a geometrical model of the object. Then many problems can be solved, e.g. minimizing the f-number while maintaining the object within the depth of field, which takes the form of a constrained optimization problem. All optimization algorithms have been validated on a virtual view camera before implementation on the prototype



### Statistical methods for tissue array images - algorithmic scoring and co-training
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1102.0059v2
- **DOI**: 10.1214/12-AOAS543
- **Categories**: **stat.ME**, cs.CE, cs.CV, cs.LG, q-bio.QM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1102.0059v2)
- **Published**: 2011-02-01 02:08:00+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-10-01 09:20:39+00:00
- **Authors**: Donghui Yan, Pei Wang, Michael Linden, Beatrice Knudsen, Timothy Randolph
- **Comment**: Published in at http://dx.doi.org/10.1214/12-AOAS543 the Annals of
  Applied Statistics (http://www.imstat.org/aoas/) by the Institute of
  Mathematical Statistics (http://www.imstat.org)
- **Journal**: Annals of Applied Statistics 2012, Vol. 6, No. 3, 1280-1305
- **Summary**: Recent advances in tissue microarray technology have allowed immunohistochemistry to become a powerful medium-to-high throughput analysis tool, particularly for the validation of diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers. However, as study size grows, the manual evaluation of these assays becomes a prohibitive limitation; it vastly reduces throughput and greatly increases variability and expense. We propose an algorithm - Tissue Array Co-Occurrence Matrix Analysis (TACOMA) - for quantifying cellular phenotypes based on textural regularity summarized by local inter-pixel relationships. The algorithm can be easily trained for any staining pattern, is absent of sensitive tuning parameters and has the ability to report salient pixels in an image that contribute to its score. Pathologists' input via informative training patches is an important aspect of the algorithm that allows the training for any specific marker or cell type. With co-training, the error rate of TACOMA can be reduced substantially for a very small training sample (e.g., with size 30). We give theoretical insights into the success of co-training via thinning of the feature set in a high-dimensional setting when there is "sufficient" redundancy among the features. TACOMA is flexible, transparent and provides a scoring process that can be evaluated with clarity and confidence. In a study based on an estrogen receptor (ER) marker, we show that TACOMA is comparable to, or outperforms, pathologists' performance in terms of accuracy and repeatability.



