# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-02-09
### A Comparison of Two Human Brain Tumor Segmentation Methods for MRI Data
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1102.2382v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1102.2382v2)
- **Published**: 2011-02-09 09:16:28+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-03-10 07:53:57+00:00
- **Authors**: Jan Egger, Dženan Zukić, Miriam H. A. Bauer, Daniela Kuhnt, Barbara Carl, Bernd Freisleben, Andreas Kolb, Christopher Nimsky
- **Comment**: 4 pages, 5 figures, Proc. of the 6th Russian-Bavarian Conference on
  Bio-Medical Engineering
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The most common primary brain tumors are gliomas, evolving from the cerebral supportive cells. For clinical follow-up, the evaluation of the preoperative tumor volume is essential. Volumetric assessment of tumor volume with manual segmentation of its outlines is a time-consuming process that can be overcome with the help of computerized segmentation methods. In this contribution, two methods for World Health Organization (WHO) grade IV glioma segmentation in the human brain are compared using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) patient data from the clinical routine. One method uses balloon inflation forces, and relies on detection of high intensity tumor boundaries that are coupled with the use of contrast agent gadolinium. The other method sets up a directed and weighted graph and performs a min-cut for optimal segmentation results. The ground truth of the tumor boundaries - for evaluating the methods on 27 cases - is manually extracted by neurosurgeons with several years of experience in the resection of gliomas. A comparison is performed using the Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC), a measure for the spatial overlap of different segmentation results.



