# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-02-18
### Searching in one billion vectors: re-rank with source coding
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1102.3828v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IR**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1102.3828v1)
- **Published**: 2011-02-18 13:15:37+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-02-18 13:15:37+00:00
- **Authors**: Hervé Jégou, Romain Tavenard, Matthijs Douze, Laurent Amsaleg
- **Comment**: International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing,
  Prague : Czech Republic (2011)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Recent indexing techniques inspired by source coding have been shown successful to index billions of high-dimensional vectors in memory. In this paper, we propose an approach that re-ranks the neighbor hypotheses obtained by these compressed-domain indexing methods. In contrast to the usual post-verification scheme, which performs exact distance calculation on the short-list of hypotheses, the estimated distances are refined based on short quantization codes, to avoid reading the full vectors from disk. We have released a new public dataset of one billion 128-dimensional vectors and proposed an experimental setup to evaluate high dimensional indexing algorithms on a realistic scale. Experiments show that our method accurately and efficiently re-ranks the neighbor hypotheses using little memory compared to the full vectors representation.



### A linear framework for region-based image segmentation and inpainting involving curvature penalization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1102.3830v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI, math.OC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1102.3830v1)
- **Published**: 2011-02-18 13:20:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-02-18 13:20:10+00:00
- **Authors**: Thomas Schoenemann, Fredrik Kahl, Simon Masnou, Daniel Cremers
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present the first method to handle curvature regularity in region-based image segmentation and inpainting that is independent of initialization.   To this end we start from a new formulation of length-based optimization schemes, based on surface continuation constraints, and discuss the connections to existing schemes. The formulation is based on a \emph{cell complex} and considers basic regions and boundary elements. The corresponding optimization problem is cast as an integer linear program.   We then show how the method can be extended to include curvature regularity, again cast as an integer linear program. Here, we are considering pairs of boundary elements to reflect curvature. Moreover, a constraint set is derived to ensure that the boundary variables indeed reflect the boundary of the regions described by the region variables.   We show that by solving the linear programming relaxation one gets quite close to the global optimum, and that curvature regularity is indeed much better suited in the presence of long and thin objects compared to standard length regularity.



