# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2008-04-21
### Technical Report - Automatic Contour Extraction from 2D Neuron Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0804.3234v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, q-bio.NC, I.4.7; I.4.10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0804.3234v2)
- **Published**: 2008-04-21 04:03:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-10-24 16:02:03+00:00
- **Authors**: J. J. G. Leandro, R. M. Cesar Jr, L. da F. Costa
- **Comment**: 40 pages, 22 figures and 02 tables. Typos corrected, references
  added, figures added, new experiments added. Submitted to Elsevier-Journal of
  Neuronscience Methods. For associated video demonstration of the system, see
  http://www.vision.ime.usp.br/creativision/demos/branch/alfa-bta-bscea-fast.html
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This work describes a novel methodology for automatic contour extraction from 2D images of 3D neurons (e.g. camera lucida images and other types of 2D microscopy). Most contour-based shape analysis methods can not be used to characterize such cells because of overlaps between neuronal processes. The proposed framework is specifically aimed at the problem of contour following even in presence of multiple overlaps. First, the input image is preprocessed in order to obtain an 8-connected skeleton with one-pixel-wide branches, as well as a set of critical regions (i.e., bifurcations and crossings). Next, for each subtree, the tracking stage iteratively labels all valid pixel of branches, up to a critical region, where it determines the suitable direction to proceed. Finally, the labeled skeleton segments are followed in order to yield the parametric contour of the neuronal shape under analysis. The reported system was successfully tested with respect to several images and the results from a set of three neuron images are presented here, each pertaining to a different class, i.e. alpha, delta and epsilon ganglion cells, containing a total of 34 crossings. The algorithms successfully got across all these overlaps. The method has also been found to exhibit robustness even for images with close parallel segments. The proposed method is robust and may be implemented in an efficient manner. The introduction of this approach should pave the way for more systematic application of contour-based shape analysis methods in neuronal morphology.



### A New Approach to Automated Epileptic Diagnosis Using EEG and Probabilistic Neural Network
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0804.3361v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICTAI.2008.99
- **Categories**: **cs.AI**, cs.CV, I.5.4; I.2.1
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0804.3361v2)
- **Published**: 2008-04-21 17:07:59+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-07-05 01:45:56+00:00
- **Authors**: Forrest Sheng Bao, Donald Yu-Chun Lie, Yuanlin Zhang
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 6 figures, 1 table, submitted to IEEE ICTAI 2008
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Epilepsy is one of the most common neurological disorders that greatly impair patient' daily lives. Traditional epileptic diagnosis relies on tedious visual screening by neurologists from lengthy EEG recording that requires the presence of seizure (ictal) activities. Nowadays, there are many systems helping the neurologists to quickly find interesting segments of the lengthy signal by automatic seizure detection. However, we notice that it is very difficult, if not impossible, to obtain long-term EEG data with seizure activities for epilepsy patients in areas lack of medical resources and trained neurologists. Therefore, we propose to study automated epileptic diagnosis using interictal EEG data that is much easier to collect than ictal data. The authors are not aware of any report on automated EEG diagnostic system that can accurately distinguish patients' interictal EEG from the EEG of normal people. The research presented in this paper, therefore, aims to develop an automated diagnostic system that can use interictal EEG data to diagnose whether the person is epileptic. Such a system should also detect seizure activities for further investigation by doctors and potential patient monitoring. To develop such a system, we extract four classes of features from the EEG data and build a Probabilistic Neural Network (PNN) fed with these features. Leave-one-out cross-validation (LOO-CV) on a widely used epileptic-normal data set reflects an impressive 99.5% accuracy of our system on distinguishing normal people's EEG from patient's interictal EEG. We also find our system can be used in patient monitoring (seizure detection) and seizure focus localization, with 96.7% and 77.5% accuracy respectively on the data set.



