# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-09-29
### Iterative Shrinkage Approach to Restoration of Optical Imagery
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0909.5460v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.0; I.4.3; I.4.5
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0909.5460v2)
- **Published**: 2009-09-29 22:33:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-01-06 17:00:21+00:00
- **Authors**: E. Shaked, O. Michailovich
- **Comment**: 19 pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The problem of reconstruction of digital images from their degraded measurements is regarded as a problem of central importance in various fields of engineering and imaging sciences. In such cases, the degradation is typically caused by the resolution limitations of an imaging device in use and/or by the destructive influence of measurement noise. Specifically, when the noise obeys a Poisson probability law, standard approaches to the problem of image reconstruction are based on using fixed-point algorithms which follow the methodology first proposed by Richardson and Lucy. The practice of using these methods, however, shows that their convergence properties tend to deteriorate at relatively high noise levels. Accordingly, in the present paper, a novel method for de-noising and/or de-blurring of digital images corrupted by Poisson noise is introduced. The proposed method is derived under the assumption that the image of interest can be sparsely represented in the domain of a linear transform. Consequently, a shrinkage-based iterative procedure is proposed, which guarantees the solution to converge to the global maximizer of an associated maximum-a-posteriori criterion. It is shown in a series of both computer-simulated and real-life experiments that the proposed method outperforms a number of existing alternatives in terms of stability, precision, and computational efficiency.



### Information tracking approach to segmentation of ultrasound imagery of prostate
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0909.5458v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0909.5458v1)
- **Published**: 2009-09-29 22:39:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-09-29 22:39:19+00:00
- **Authors**: Robert Sheng Xu, Oleg Michailovich, Magdy Salama
- **Comment**: 27 pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The size and geometry of the prostate are known to be pivotal quantities used by clinicians to assess the condition of the gland during prostate cancer screening. As an alternative to palpation, an increasing number of methods for estimation of the above-mentioned quantities are based on using imagery data of prostate. The necessity to process large volumes of such data creates a need for automatic segmentation tools which would allow the estimation to be carried out with maximum accuracy and efficiency. In particular, the use of transrectal ultrasound (TRUS) imaging in prostate cancer screening seems to be becoming a standard clinical practice due to the high benefit-to-cost ratio of this imaging modality. Unfortunately, the segmentation of TRUS images is still hampered by relatively low contrast and reduced SNR of the images, thereby requiring the segmentation algorithms to incorporate prior knowledge about the geometry of the gland. In this paper, a novel approach to the problem of segmenting the TRUS images is described. The proposed approach is based on the concept of distribution tracking, which provides a unified framework for modeling and fusing image-related and morphological features of the prostate. Moreover, the same framework allows the segmentation to be regularized via using a new type of "weak" shape priors, which minimally bias the estimation procedure, while rendering the latter stable and robust.



