# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-09-09
### Kernel Spectral Curvature Clustering (KSCC)
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0909.1605v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICCVW.2009.5457627
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0909.1605v1)
- **Published**: 2009-09-09 01:58:23+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-09-09 01:58:23+00:00
- **Authors**: G. Chen, S. Atev, G. Lerman
- **Comment**: accepted to 2009 ICCV Workshop on Dynamical Vision
- **Journal**: Computer Vision Workshops (ICCV Workshops), 2009 IEEE 12th
  International Conference on, 2009, pp. 765 - 772
- **Summary**: Multi-manifold modeling is increasingly used in segmentation and data representation tasks in computer vision and related fields. While the general problem, modeling data by mixtures of manifolds, is very challenging, several approaches exist for modeling data by mixtures of affine subspaces (which is often referred to as hybrid linear modeling). We translate some important instances of multi-manifold modeling to hybrid linear modeling in embedded spaces, without explicitly performing the embedding but applying the kernel trick. The resulting algorithm, Kernel Spectral Curvature Clustering, uses kernels at two levels - both as an implicit embedding method to linearize nonflat manifolds and as a principled method to convert a multiway affinity problem into a spectral clustering one. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the method by comparing it with other state-of-the-art methods on both synthetic data and a real-world problem of segmenting multiple motions from two perspective camera views.



### Motion Segmentation by SCC on the Hopkins 155 Database
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0909.1608v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICCVW.2009.5457626
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0909.1608v1)
- **Published**: 2009-09-09 02:12:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-09-09 02:12:22+00:00
- **Authors**: G. Chen, G. Lerman
- **Comment**: Accepted to 2009 ICCV Workshop on Dynamical Vision
- **Journal**: Computer Vision Workshops (ICCV Workshops), 2009 IEEE 12th
  International Conference on, 2009, pp. 759 - 764
- **Summary**: We apply the Spectral Curvature Clustering (SCC) algorithm to a benchmark database of 155 motion sequences, and show that it outperforms all other state-of-the-art methods. The average misclassification rate by SCC is 1.41% for sequences having two motions and 4.85% for three motions.



