# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-09-22
### A Method for Extraction and Recognition of Isolated License Plate Characters
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0909.3911v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0909.3911v1)
- **Published**: 2009-09-22 05:38:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-09-22 05:38:32+00:00
- **Authors**: Yon Ping Chen, Tien Der Yeh
- **Comment**: 10 pages IEEE format, International Journal of Computer Science and
  Information Security, IJCSIS 2009, ISSN 1947 5500, Impact Factor 0.423,
  http://sites.google.com/site/ijcsis/
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science and Information
  Security, IJCSIS, Vol. 5, No. 1, pp. 1-10, August 2009, USA
- **Summary**: A method to extract and recognize isolated characters in license plates is proposed. In extraction stage, the proposed method detects isolated characters by using Difference-of-Gaussian (DOG) function, The DOG function, similar to Laplacian of Gaussian function, was proven to produce the most stable image features compared to a range of other possible image functions. The candidate characters are extracted by doing connected component analysis on different scale DOG images. In recognition stage, a novel feature vector named accumulated gradient projection vector (AGPV) is used to compare the candidate character with the standard ones. The AGPV is calculated by first projecting pixels of similar gradient orientations onto specific axes, and then accumulates the projected gradient magnitudes by each axis. In the experiments, the AGPVs are proven to be invariant from image scaling and rotation, and robust to noise and illumination change.



