# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-04-24
### Automated Epilepsy Diagnosis Using Interictal Scalp EEG
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0904.3808v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.AI**, cs.CV, I.5.4; I.2.1
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0904.3808v2)
- **Published**: 2009-04-24 07:15:49+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-04-24 20:27:43+00:00
- **Authors**: Forrest Sheng Bao, Jue-Ming Gao, Jing Hu, Donald Y. -C. Lie, Yuanlin Zhang, K. J. Oommen
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 4 figures, 3 tables, based on our IEEE ICTAI'08 paper,
  submitted to IEEE EMBC'09
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Approximately over 50 million people worldwide suffer from epilepsy. Traditional diagnosis of epilepsy relies on tedious visual screening by highly trained clinicians from lengthy EEG recording that contains the presence of seizure (ictal) activities. Nowadays, there are many automatic systems that can recognize seizure-related EEG signals to help the diagnosis. However, it is very costly and inconvenient to obtain long-term EEG data with seizure activities, especially in areas short of medical resources. We demonstrate in this paper that we can use the interictal scalp EEG data, which is much easier to collect than the ictal data, to automatically diagnose whether a person is epileptic. In our automated EEG recognition system, we extract three classes of features from the EEG data and build Probabilistic Neural Networks (PNNs) fed with these features. We optimize the feature extraction parameters and combine these PNNs through a voting mechanism. As a result, our system achieves an impressive 94.07% accuracy, which is very close to reported human recognition accuracy by experienced medical professionals.



### Better Global Polynomial Approximation for Image Rectification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0904.3944v1
- **DOI**: 10.2316/Journal.205.2008.3.205-4669
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.RO
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0904.3944v1)
- **Published**: 2009-04-24 21:19:59+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-04-24 21:19:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Christopher O. Ward
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: When using images to locate objects, there is the problem of correcting for distortion and misalignment in the images. An elegant way of solving this problem is to generate an error correcting function that maps points in an image to their corrected locations. We generate such a function by fitting a polynomial to a set of sample points. The objective is to identify a polynomial that passes "sufficiently close" to these points with "good" approximation of intermediate points. In the past, it has been difficult to achieve good global polynomial approximation using only sample points. We report on the development of a global polynomial approximation algorithm for solving this problem. Key Words: Polynomial approximation, interpolation, image rectification.



