# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-07-18
### Content Based Multimedia Information Retrieval to Support Digital Libraries
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.4259v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IR**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1207.4259v1)
- **Published**: 2012-07-18 04:11:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-18 04:11:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Mohammad Nabil Almunawar
- **Comment**: 15 pages, conference paper
- **Journal**: International Conference on New Information Technologies, 23-26
  July, 2001, Brunei Darussalam
- **Summary**: Content-based multimedia information retrieval is an interesting research area since it allows retrieval based on inherent characteristic of multimedia objects. For example retrieval based on visual characteristics such as colour, shapes or textures of objects in images or retrieval based on spatial relationships among objects in the media (images or video clips). This paper reviews some work done in image and video retrieval and then proposes an integrated model that can handle images and video clips uniformly. Using this model retrieval on images or video clips can be done based on the same framework.



### Assessment of SAR Image Filtering using Adaptive Stack Filters
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.4308v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/978-3-642-25085-9_10
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1207.4308v1)
- **Published**: 2012-07-18 09:16:07+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-18 09:16:07+00:00
- **Authors**: Maria E. Buemi, Marta Mejail, Julio Jacobo, Alejandro C. Frery, Heitor S. Ramos
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Proceedings 16th Iberoamerican Congress on Pattern Recognition
  (CIARP 2011), Lecture Notes in Computer Science vol. 7042, p. 89--96
- **Summary**: Stack filters are a special case of non-linear filters. They have a good performance for filtering images with different types of noise while preserving edges and details. A stack filter decomposes an input image into several binary images according to a set of thresholds. Each binary image is then filtered by a Boolean function, which characterizes the filter. Adaptive stack filters can be designed to be optimal; they are computed from a pair of images consisting of an ideal noiseless image and its noisy version. In this work we study the performance of adaptive stack filters when they are applied to Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) images. This is done by evaluating the quality of the filtered images through the use of suitable image quality indexes and by measuring the classification accuracy of the resulting images.



### Penalty Constraints and Kernelization of M-Estimation Based Fuzzy C-Means
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.4417v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, stat.CO
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1207.4417v2)
- **Published**: 2012-07-18 17:20:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-01-19 10:33:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Jingwei Liu, Meizhi Xu
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A framework of M-estimation based fuzzy C-means clustering (MFCM) algorithm is proposed with iterative reweighted least squares (IRLS) algorithm, and penalty constraint and kernelization extensions of MFCM algorithms are also developed. Introducing penalty information to the object functions of MFCM algorithms, the spatially constrained fuzzy C-means (SFCM) is extended to penalty constraints MFCM algorithms(abbr. pMFCM).Substituting the Euclidean distance with kernel method, the MFCM and pMFCM algorithms are extended to kernelized MFCM (abbr. KMFCM) and kernelized pMFCM (abbr.pKMFCM) algorithms. The performances of MFCM, pMFCM, KMFCM and pKMFCM algorithms are evaluated in three tasks: pattern recognition on 10 standard data sets from UCI Machine Learning databases, noise image segmentation performances on a synthetic image, a magnetic resonance brain image (MRI), and image segmentation of a standard images from Berkeley Segmentation Dataset and Benchmark. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed algorithms in pattern recognition and image segmentation.



