# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-07-06
### Multimodal similarity-preserving hashing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.1522v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.NE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1207.1522v1)
- **Published**: 2012-07-06 04:58:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-06 04:58:52+00:00
- **Authors**: Jonathan Masci, Michael M. Bronstein, Alexander A. Bronstein, Jürgen Schmidhuber
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We introduce an efficient computational framework for hashing data belonging to multiple modalities into a single representation space where they become mutually comparable. The proposed approach is based on a novel coupled siamese neural network architecture and allows unified treatment of intra- and inter-modality similarity learning. Unlike existing cross-modality similarity learning approaches, our hashing functions are not limited to binarized linear projections and can assume arbitrarily complex forms. We show experimentally that our method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art hashing approaches on multimedia retrieval tasks.



### An Innovative Skin Detection Approach Using Color Based Image Retrieval Technique
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.1551v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijma.2012.4305
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1207.1551v1)
- **Published**: 2012-07-06 08:04:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-06 08:04:38+00:00
- **Authors**: Shervan Fekri-Ershad, Mohammad Saberi, Farshad Tajeripour
- **Comment**: 9 Pages, 4 Figures
- **Journal**: The International Journal of Multimedia & Its Applications (IJMA)
  Vol.4, No.3, June 2012, 57-65
- **Summary**: From The late 90th, "Skin Detection" becomes one of the major problems in image processing. If "Skin Detection" will be done in high accuracy, it can be used in many cases as face recognition, Human Tracking and etc. Until now so many methods were presented for solving this problem. In most of these methods, color space was used to extract feature vector for classifying pixels, but the most of them have not good accuracy in detecting types of skin. The proposed approach in this paper is based on "Color based image retrieval" (CBIR) technique. In this method, first by means of CBIR method and image tiling and considering the relation between pixel and its neighbors, a feature vector would be defined and then with using a training step, detecting the skin in the test stage. The result shows that the presenting approach, in addition to its high accuracy in detecting type of skin, has no sensitivity to illumination intensity and moving face orientation.



### Analysis of Multi-Scale Fractal Dimension to Classify Human Motion
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.1649v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1207.1649v1)
- **Published**: 2012-07-06 15:10:49+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-06 15:10:49+00:00
- **Authors**: Núbia Rosa da Silva, Odemir Martinez Bruno
- **Comment**: 6 pages, Paper presented on WVC 2012 (Workshop of Computer Vision)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In recent years there has been considerable interest in human action recognition. Several approaches have been developed in order to enhance the automatic video analysis. Although some developments have been achieved by the computer vision community, the properly classification of human motion is still a hard and challenging task. The objective of this study is to investigate the use of 3D multi-scale fractal dimension to recognize motion patterns in videos. In order to develop a robust strategy for human motion classification, we proposed a method where the Fourier transform is used to calculate the derivative in which all data points are deemed. Our results shown that different accuracy rates can be found for different databases. We believe that in specific applications our results are the first step to develop an automatic monitoring system, which can be applied in security systems, traffic monitoring, biology, physical therapy, cardiovascular disease among many others.



