# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-07-23
### Guarantees of Augmented Trace Norm Models in Tensor Recovery
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.5326v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1207.5326v1)
- **Published**: 2012-07-23 08:59:58+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-23 08:59:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Ziqiang Shi, Jiqing Han, Tieran Zheng, Shiwen Deng, Ji Li
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper studies the recovery guarantees of the models of minimizing $\|\mathcal{X}\|_*+\frac{1}{2\alpha}\|\mathcal{X}\|_F^2$ where $\mathcal{X}$ is a tensor and $\|\mathcal{X}\|_*$ and $\|\mathcal{X}\|_F$ are the trace and Frobenius norm of respectively. We show that they can efficiently recover low-rank tensors. In particular, they enjoy exact guarantees similar to those known for minimizing $\|\mathcal{X}\|_*$ under the conditions on the sensing operator such as its null-space property, restricted isometry property, or spherical section property. To recover a low-rank tensor $\mathcal{X}^0$, minimizing $\|\mathcal{X}\|_*+\frac{1}{2\alpha}\|\mathcal{X}\|_F^2$ returns the same solution as minimizing $\|\mathcal{X}\|_*$ almost whenever $\alpha\geq10\mathop {\max}\limits_{i}\|X^0_{(i)}\|_2$.



### Towards a theory of statistical tree-shape analysis
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.5371v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **stat.ME**, cs.CV, math.MG, 62H35, 05C05, 51Fxx, 58A35
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1207.5371v1)
- **Published**: 2012-07-23 12:25:50+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-23 12:25:50+00:00
- **Authors**: Aasa Feragen, Pechin Lo, Marleen de Bruijne, Mads Nielsen, Francois Lauze
- **Comment**: 36 pages, 15 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In order to develop statistical methods for shapes with a tree-structure, we construct a shape space framework for tree-like shapes and study metrics on the shape space. This shape space has singularities, corresponding to topological transitions in the represented trees. We study two closely related metrics on the shape space, TED and QED. QED is a quotient Euclidean distance arising naturally from the shape space formulation, while TED is the classical tree edit distance. Using Gromov's metric geometry we gain new insight into the geometries defined by TED and QED. We show that the new metric QED has nice geometric properties which facilitate statistical analysis, such as existence and local uniqueness of geodesics and averages. TED, on the other hand, does not share the geometric advantages of QED, but has nice algorithmic properties. We provide a theoretical framework and experimental results on synthetic data trees as well as airway trees from pulmonary CT scans. This way, we effectively illustrate that our framework has both the theoretical and qualitative properties necessary to build a theory of statistical tree-shape analysis.



