# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-07-14
### Incremental Learning of 3D-DCT Compact Representations for Robust Visual Tracking
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.3389v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1207.3389v2)
- **Published**: 2012-07-14 04:44:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-18 07:36:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Xi Li, Anthony Dick, Chunhua Shen, Anton van den Hengel, Hanzi Wang
- **Comment**: 21 pages. Appearing in IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and
  Machine Intelligence
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Visual tracking usually requires an object appearance model that is robust to changing illumination, pose and other factors encountered in video. In this paper, we construct an appearance model using the 3D discrete cosine transform (3D-DCT). The 3D-DCT is based on a set of cosine basis functions, which are determined by the dimensions of the 3D signal and thus independent of the input video data. In addition, the 3D-DCT can generate a compact energy spectrum whose high-frequency coefficients are sparse if the appearance samples are similar. By discarding these high-frequency coefficients, we simultaneously obtain a compact 3D-DCT based object representation and a signal reconstruction-based similarity measure (reflecting the information loss from signal reconstruction). To efficiently update the object representation, we propose an incremental 3D-DCT algorithm, which decomposes the 3D-DCT into successive operations of the 2D discrete cosine transform (2D-DCT) and 1D discrete cosine transform (1D-DCT) on the input video data.



### Dimension Reduction by Mutual Information Feature Extraction
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.3394v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1207.3394v1)
- **Published**: 2012-07-14 06:13:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-14 06:13:48+00:00
- **Authors**: Ali Shadvar
- **Comment**: International Journal of Computer Science & Information Technology
  (IJCSIT). arXiv admin note: substantial text overlap with arXiv:1206.2058
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: During the past decades, to study high-dimensional data in a large variety of problems, researchers have proposed many Feature Extraction algorithms. One of the most effective approaches for optimal feature extraction is based on mutual information (MI). However it is not always easy to get an accurate estimation for high dimensional MI. In terms of MI, the optimal feature extraction is creating a feature set from the data which jointly have the largest dependency on the target class and minimum redundancy. In this paper, a component-by-component gradient ascent method is proposed for feature extraction which is based on one-dimensional MI estimates. We will refer to this algorithm as Mutual Information Feature Extraction (MIFX). The performance of this proposed method is evaluated using UCI databases. The results indicate that MIFX provides a robust performance over different data sets which are almost always the best or comparable to the best ones.



