# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-07-01
### Single parameter galaxy classification: The Principal Curve through the multi-dimensional space of galaxy properties
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.0170v1
- **DOI**: 10.1088/0004-637X/755/2/143
- **Categories**: **astro-ph.CO**, cs.CV, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1207.0170v1)
- **Published**: 2012-07-01 00:32:15+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-01 00:32:15+00:00
- **Authors**: M. Taghizadeh-Popp, S. Heinis, A. S. Szalay
- **Comment**: Full abstract in downloadable version
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We propose to describe the variety of galaxies from SDSS by using only one affine parameter. To this aim, we build the Principal Curve (P-curve) passing through the spine of the data point cloud, considering the eigenspace derived from Principal Component Analysis of morphological, physical and photometric galaxy properties. Thus, galaxies can be labeled, ranked and classified by a single arc length value of the curve, measured at the unique closest projection of the data points on the P-curve. We find that the P-curve has a "W" letter shape with 3 turning points, defining 4 branches that represent distinct galaxy populations. This behavior is controlled mainly by 2 properties, namely u-r and SFR. We further present the variations of several galaxy properties as a function of arc length. Luminosity functions variate from steep Schechter fits at low arc length, to double power law and ending in Log-normal fits at high arc length. Galaxy clustering shows increasing autocorrelation power at large scales as arc length increases. PCA analysis allowed to find peculiar galaxy populations located apart from the main cloud of data points, such as small red galaxies dominated by a disk, of relatively high stellar mass-to-light ratio and surface mass density. The P-curve allows not only dimensionality reduction, but also provides supporting evidence for relevant physical models and scenarios in extragalactic astronomy: 1) Evidence for the hierarchical merging scenario in the formation of a selected group of red massive galaxies. These galaxies present a log-normal r-band luminosity function, which might arise from multiplicative processes involved in this scenario. 2) Connection between the onset of AGN activity and star formation quenching, which appears in green galaxies when transitioning from blue to red populations. (Full abstract in downloadable version)



