# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-07-20
### Multisegmentation through wavelets: Comparing the efficacy of Daubechies vs Coiflets
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.5007v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1207.5007v1)
- **Published**: 2012-07-20 17:37:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-20 17:37:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Madhur Srivastava, Yashwant Yashu, Satish K. Singh, Prasanta K. Panigrahi
- **Comment**: 4 pages
- **Journal**: Proceedings in Signal Processing and Real Time Operating System (
  SPRTOS), March 26 - 27 , 2011
- **Summary**: In this paper, we carry out a comparative study of the efficacy of wavelets belonging to Daubechies and Coiflet family in achieving image segmentation through a fast statistical algorithm.The fact that wavelets belonging to Daubechies family optimally capture the polynomial trends and those of Coiflet family satisfy mini-max condition, makes this comparison interesting. In the context of the present algorithm, it is found that the performance of Coiflet wavelets is better, as compared to Daubechies wavelet.



### A Novel Metric Approach Evaluation For The Spatial Enhancement Of Pan-Sharpened Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1207.5064v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/csit.2012.2347
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1207.5064v1)
- **Published**: 2012-07-20 21:30:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-07-20 21:30:35+00:00
- **Authors**: Firouz Abdullah Al-Wassai, Dr. N. V. Kalyankar
- **Comment**: arXiv admin note: substantial text overlap with arXiv:1110.4970
- **Journal**: International Conference of Advanced Computer Science &
  Information Technology (ACSIT-2012),July 15, 2012, Chennai, India
- **Summary**: Various and different methods can be used to produce high-resolution multispectral images from high-resolution panchromatic image (PAN) and low-resolution multispectral images (MS), mostly on the pixel level. The Quality of image fusion is an essential determinant of the value of processing images fusion for many applications. Spatial and spectral qualities are the two important indexes that used to evaluate the quality of any fused image. However, the jury is still out of fused image's benefits if it compared with its original images. In addition, there is a lack of measures for assessing the objective quality of the spatial resolution for the fusion methods. So, an objective quality of the spatial resolution assessment for fusion images is required. Therefore, this paper describes a new approach proposed to estimate the spatial resolution improve by High Past Division Index (HPDI) upon calculating the spatial-frequency of the edge regions of the image and it deals with a comparison of various analytical techniques for evaluating the Spatial quality, and estimating the colour distortion added by image fusion including: MG, SG, FCC, SD, En, SNR, CC and NRMSE. In addition, this paper devotes to concentrate on the comparison of various image fusion techniques based on pixel and feature fusion technique.



