# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-03-12
### Gaussian Mixture Model for Handwritten Script Identification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.2751v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.2751v1)
- **Published**: 2013-03-12 02:32:02+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-12 02:32:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Mallikarjun Hangarge
- **Comment**: Appeared in ICECIT-2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper presents a Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) to identify the script of handwritten words of Roman, Devanagari, Kannada and Telugu scripts. It emphasizes the significance of directional energies for identification of script of the word. It is robust to varied image sizes and different styles of writing. A GMM is modeled using a set of six novel features derived from directional energy distributions of the underlying image. The standard deviation of directional energy distributions are computed by decomposing an image matrix into right and left diagonals. Furthermore, deviation of horizontal and vertical distributions of energies is also built-in to GMM. A dataset of 400 images out of 800 (200 of each script) are used for training GMM and the remaining is for testing. An exhaustive experimentation is carried out at bi-script, tri-script and multi-script level and achieved script identification accuracies in percentage as 98.7, 98.16 and 96.91 respectively.



### Combined Learning of Salient Local Descriptors and Distance Metrics for Image Set Face Verification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.2783v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/AVSS.2012.23
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.5.1; I.5.4; I.2.10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.2783v1)
- **Published**: 2013-03-12 06:12:59+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-12 06:12:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Conrad Sanderson, Mehrtash T. Harandi, Yongkang Wong, Brian C. Lovell
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE International Conference on Advanced Video and Signal-Based
  Surveillance (AVSS), pp, 294-299, 2012
- **Summary**: In contrast to comparing faces via single exemplars, matching sets of face images increases robustness and discrimination performance. Recent image set matching approaches typically measure similarities between subspaces or manifolds, while representing faces in a rigid and holistic manner. Such representations are easily affected by variations in terms of alignment, illumination, pose and expression. While local feature based representations are considerably more robust to such variations, they have received little attention within the image set matching area. We propose a novel image set matching technique, comprised of three aspects: (i) robust descriptors of face regions based on local features, partly inspired by the hierarchy in the human visual system, (ii) use of several subspace and exemplar metrics to compare corresponding face regions, (iii) jointly learning which regions are the most discriminative while finding the optimal mixing weights for combining metrics. Face recognition experiments on LFW, PIE and MOBIO face datasets show that the proposed algorithm obtains considerably better performance than several recent state-of-the-art techniques, such as Local Principal Angle and the Kernel Affine Hull Method.



### A Stochastic Grammar for Natural Shapes
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.2844v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/978-1-4471-5195-1_21
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.2844v1)
- **Published**: 2013-03-12 11:23:47+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-12 11:23:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Pedro F. Felzenszwalb
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We consider object detection using a generic model for natural shapes. A common approach for object recognition involves matching object models directly to images. Another approach involves building intermediate representations via a generic grouping processes. We argue that these two processes (model-based recognition and grouping) may use similar computational mechanisms. By defining a generic model for shapes we can use model-based techniques to implement a mid-level vision grouping process.



