# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-03-25
### Spatio-Temporal Covariance Descriptors for Action and Gesture Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.6021v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/WACV.2013.6475006
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.HC, I.5.1; I.5.4; I.4.7; I.4.8; I.2.10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.6021v1)
- **Published**: 2013-03-25 03:16:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-25 03:16:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Andres Sanin, Conrad Sanderson, Mehrtash T. Harandi, Brian C. Lovell
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE Workshop on Applications of Computer Vision, pp. 103-110,
  2013
- **Summary**: We propose a new action and gesture recognition method based on spatio-temporal covariance descriptors and a weighted Riemannian locality preserving projection approach that takes into account the curved space formed by the descriptors. The weighted projection is then exploited during boosting to create a final multiclass classification algorithm that employs the most useful spatio-temporal regions. We also show how the descriptors can be computed quickly through the use of integral video representations. Experiments on the UCF sport, CK+ facial expression and Cambridge hand gesture datasets indicate superior performance of the proposed method compared to several recent state-of-the-art techniques. The proposed method is robust and does not require additional processing of the videos, such as foreground detection, interest-point detection or tracking.



### Asymmetric Pruning for Learning Cascade Detectors
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.6066v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.6066v2)
- **Published**: 2013-03-25 10:01:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-02-25 13:42:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Sakrapee Paisitkriangkrai, Chunhua Shen, Anton van den Hengel
- **Comment**: 14 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Cascade classifiers are one of the most important contributions to real-time object detection. Nonetheless, there are many challenging problems arising in training cascade detectors. One common issue is that the node classifier is trained with a symmetric classifier. Having a low misclassification error rate does not guarantee an optimal node learning goal in cascade classifiers, i.e., an extremely high detection rate with a moderate false positive rate. In this work, we present a new approach to train an effective node classifier in a cascade detector. The algorithm is based on two key observations: 1) Redundant weak classifiers can be safely discarded; 2) The final detector should satisfy the asymmetric learning objective of the cascade architecture. To achieve this, we separate the classifier training into two steps: finding a pool of discriminative weak classifiers/features and training the final classifier by pruning weak classifiers which contribute little to the asymmetric learning criterion (asymmetric classifier construction). Our model reduction approach helps accelerate the learning time while achieving the pre-determined learning objective. Experimental results on both face and car data sets verify the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. On the FDDB face data sets, our approach achieves the state-of-the-art performance, which demonstrates the advantage of our approach.



### Machine learning of hierarchical clustering to segment 2D and 3D images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.6163v3
- **DOI**: 10.1371/journal.pone.0071715
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.6163v3)
- **Published**: 2013-03-25 15:20:09+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-07-23 11:15:25+00:00
- **Authors**: Juan Nunez-Iglesias, Ryan Kennedy, Toufiq Parag, Jianbo Shi, Dmitri B. Chklovskii
- **Comment**: 15 pages, 8 figures
- **Journal**: PLoS ONE, 2013, 8(8): e71715
- **Summary**: We aim to improve segmentation through the use of machine learning tools during region agglomeration. We propose an active learning approach for performing hierarchical agglomerative segmentation from superpixels. Our method combines multiple features at all scales of the agglomerative process, works for data with an arbitrary number of dimensions, and scales to very large datasets. We advocate the use of variation of information to measure segmentation accuracy, particularly in 3D electron microscopy (EM) images of neural tissue, and using this metric demonstrate an improvement over competing algorithms in EM and natural images.



