# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-03-05
### GBM Volumetry using the 3D Slicer Medical Image Computing Platform
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.0964v1
- **DOI**: 10.1038/srep01364
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.0964v1)
- **Published**: 2013-03-05 09:40:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-05 09:40:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Jan Egger, Tina Kapur, Andriy Fedorov, Steve Pieper, James V. Miller, Harini Veeraraghavan, Bernd Freisleben, Alexandra Golby, Christopher Nimsky, Ron Kikinis
- **Comment**: 7 pages, 6 figures, 2 tables, 1 equation, 43 references
- **Journal**: Sci. Rep. 3, 1364, 2013
- **Summary**: Volumetric change in glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) over time is a critical factor in treatment decisions. Typically, the tumor volume is computed on a slice-by-slice basis using MRI scans obtained at regular intervals. (3D)Slicer - a free platform for biomedical research - provides an alternative to this manual slice-by-slice segmentation process, which is significantly faster and requires less user interaction. In this study, 4 physicians segmented GBMs in 10 patients, once using the competitive region-growing based GrowCut segmentation module of Slicer, and once purely by drawing boundaries completely manually on a slice-by-slice basis. Furthermore, we provide a variability analysis for three physicians for 12 GBMs. The time required for GrowCut segmentation was on an average 61% of the time required for a pure manual segmentation. A comparison of Slicer-based segmentation with manual slice-by-slice segmentation resulted in a Dice Similarity Coefficient of 88.43 +/- 5.23% and a Hausdorff Distance of 2.32 +/- 5.23 mm.



### Verifying a platform for digital imaging: a multi-tool strategy
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.1420v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.SE**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.1420v2)
- **Published**: 2013-03-05 11:07:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-05-24 07:58:50+00:00
- **Authors**: Jónathan Heras, Gadea Mata, Ana Romero, Julio Rubio, Rubén Sáenz
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Fiji is a Java platform widely used by biologists and other experimental scientists to process digital images. In particular, in our research - made together with a biologists team; we use Fiji in some pre-processing steps before undertaking a homological digital processing of images. In a previous work, we have formalised the correctness of the programs which use homological techniques to analyse digital images. However, the verification of Fiji's pre-processing step was missed. In this paper, we present a multi-tool approach filling this gap, based on the combination of Why/Krakatoa, Coq and ACL2.



