# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-03-09
### Embedding of Blink Frequency in Electrooculography Signal using Difference Expansion based Reversible Watermarking Technique
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1304.2310v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1304.2310v1)
- **Published**: 2013-03-09 13:58:40+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-09 13:58:40+00:00
- **Authors**: Nilanjan Dey, Prasenjit Maji, Poulami Das, Shouvik Biswas, Achintya Das, Sheli Sinha Chaudhuri
- **Comment**: 6 Pages, 3 Figures, 4 Tables
- **Journal**: Scientific Bulletin of the Politehnica University of Timisoara -
  Transactions on Electronics and Communications p-ISSN 1583-3380, vol. 57(71),
  no. 2, 2012
- **Summary**: In the past few years, like other fields, rapid expansion of digitization and globalization has influenced the medical field as well. For progress of diagnostic results most of the reputed hospitals and diagnostic centres all over the world have started exchanging medical information. In this proposed method, the calculated diagnostic parametric values of the original Electrooculography (EOG) signal are embedded as a watermark by using Difference Expansion (DE) algorithm based reversible watermarking technique. The extracted watermark provides the required parametric values at the recipient end without any post computation of the recovered EOG signal. By computing the parametric values from the recovered signal, the integrity of the extracted watermark can be validated. The time domain features of EOG signal are calculated for the generation of watermark. In the current work, various features are studied and two major features related to blink frequency are used to generate the watermark. The high Signal to Noise Ratio (SNR) and the Bit Error Rate (BER) claim the robustness of the proposed method.



### Medical Information Embedding in Compressed Watermarked Intravascular Ultrasound Video
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.2211v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.MM**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.2211v1)
- **Published**: 2013-03-09 14:08:23+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-09 14:08:23+00:00
- **Authors**: Nilanjan Dey, Suvojit Acharjee, Debalina Biswas, Achintya Das, Sheli Sinha Chaudhuri
- **Comment**: Pages-7 Fig.-15 Tables-2
- **Journal**: Scientific Bulletin of the Politehnica University of Timisoara -
  Transactions on Electronics and Communications p-ISSN 1583-3380 , vol.
  57(71), no. 2, 2012
- **Summary**: In medical field, intravascular ultrasound (IVUS) is a tomographic imaging modality, which can identify the boundaries of different layers of blood vessels. IVUS can detect myocardial infarction (heart attack) that remains ignored and unattended when only angioplasty is done. During the past decade, it became easier for some individuals or groups to copy and transmits digital information without the permission of the owner. For increasing authentication and security of copyrights, digital watermarking, an information hiding technique, was introduced. Achieving watermarking technique with lesser amount of distortion in biomedical data is a challenging task. Watermark can be embedded into an image or in a video. As video data is a huge amount of information, therefore a large storage area is needed which is not feasible. In this case motion vector based video compression is done to reduce size. In this present paper, an Electronic Patient Record (EPR) is embedded as watermark within an IVUS video and then motion vector is calculated. This proposed method proves robustness as the extracted watermark has good PSNR value and less MSE.



### Clustering on Multi-Layer Graphs via Subspace Analysis on Grassmann Manifolds
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.2221v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TSP.2013.2295553
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV, cs.SI, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.2221v1)
- **Published**: 2013-03-09 15:31:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-09 15:31:48+00:00
- **Authors**: Xiaowen Dong, Pascal Frossard, Pierre Vandergheynst, Nikolai Nefedov
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Signal Processing, vol. 62, no. 4, pp.
  905-918, February 2014
- **Summary**: Relationships between entities in datasets are often of multiple nature, like geographical distance, social relationships, or common interests among people in a social network, for example. This information can naturally be modeled by a set of weighted and undirected graphs that form a global multilayer graph, where the common vertex set represents the entities and the edges on different layers capture the similarities of the entities in term of the different modalities. In this paper, we address the problem of analyzing multi-layer graphs and propose methods for clustering the vertices by efficiently merging the information provided by the multiple modalities. To this end, we propose to combine the characteristics of individual graph layers using tools from subspace analysis on a Grassmann manifold. The resulting combination can then be viewed as a low dimensional representation of the original data which preserves the most important information from diverse relationships between entities. We use this information in new clustering methods and test our algorithm on several synthetic and real world datasets where we demonstrate superior or competitive performances compared to baseline and state-of-the-art techniques. Our generic framework further extends to numerous analysis and learning problems that involve different types of information on graphs.



