# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-03-10
### Intelligent Approaches to interact with Machines using Hand Gesture Recognition in Natural way: A Survey
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.2292v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.HC**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.2292v1)
- **Published**: 2013-03-10 08:29:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-10 08:29:48+00:00
- **Authors**: Ankit Chaudhary, J. L. Raheja, Karen Das, Sonia Raheja
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IJCSES, 2011
- **Summary**: Hand gestures recognition (HGR) is one of the main areas of research for the engineers, scientists and bioinformatics. HGR is the natural way of Human Machine interaction and today many researchers in the academia and industry are working on different application to make interactions more easy, natural and convenient without wearing any extra device. HGR can be applied from games control to vision enabled robot control, from virtual reality to smart home systems. In this paper we are discussing work done in the area of hand gesture recognition where focus is on the intelligent approaches including soft computing based methods like artificial neural network, fuzzy logic, genetic algorithms etc. The methods in the preprocessing of image for segmentation and hand image construction also taken into study. Most researchers used fingertips for hand detection in appearance based modeling. Finally the comparison of results given by different researchers is also presented.



### Image compression using anti-forensics method
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.2330v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.MM**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.2330v1)
- **Published**: 2013-03-10 15:29:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-10 15:29:26+00:00
- **Authors**: M. S. Sreelakshmi, D. Venkataraman
- **Comment**: 9 pages 8 figures IJCSEA journal
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A large number of image forensics methods are available which are capable of identifying image tampering. But these techniques are not capable of addressing the anti-forensics method which is able to hide the trace of image tampering. In this paper anti-forensics method for digital image compression has been proposed. This anti-forensics method is capable of removing the traces of image compression. Additionally, technique is also able to remove the traces of blocking artifact that are left by image compression algorithms that divide an image into segments during compression process. This method is targeted to remove the compression fingerprints of JPEG compression.



