# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-03-21
### Separable Dictionary Learning
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.5244v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.5244v1)
- **Published**: 2013-03-21 12:40:05+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-21 12:40:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Simon Hawe, Matthias Seibert, Martin Kleinsteuber
- **Comment**: 12 pages, 2 figures, 1 table
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Many techniques in computer vision, machine learning, and statistics rely on the fact that a signal of interest admits a sparse representation over some dictionary. Dictionaries are either available analytically, or can be learned from a suitable training set. While analytic dictionaries permit to capture the global structure of a signal and allow a fast implementation, learned dictionaries often perform better in applications as they are more adapted to the considered class of signals. In imagery, unfortunately, the numerical burden for (i) learning a dictionary and for (ii) employing the dictionary for reconstruction tasks only allows to deal with relatively small image patches that only capture local image information. The approach presented in this paper aims at overcoming these drawbacks by allowing a separable structure on the dictionary throughout the learning process. On the one hand, this permits larger patch-sizes for the learning phase, on the other hand, the dictionary is applied efficiently in reconstruction tasks. The learning procedure is based on optimizing over a product of spheres which updates the dictionary as a whole, thus enforces basic dictionary properties such as mutual coherence explicitly during the learning procedure. In the special case where no separable structure is enforced, our method competes with state-of-the-art dictionary learning methods like K-SVD.



### Methods Of Measurement The Three-Dimensional Wind Waves Spectra, Based On The Processing Of Video Images Of The Sea Surface
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.5248v2
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s11141-015-9586-1
- **Categories**: **physics.ao-ph**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.5248v2)
- **Published**: 2013-03-21 13:02:21+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-04-03 07:46:48+00:00
- **Authors**: Boris M. Salin, Mikhail B. Salin
- **Comment**: 36 pages, 9 figures, 1 table. Grammar and spelling was carefully
  edited in version 2
- **Journal**: Radiophysics and Quantum Electronics. 58(2015), No.2, P.114-123
- **Summary**: Optical instruments for measuring surface-wave characteristics provide a better spatial and temporal resolution than other methods, but they face difficulties while converting the results of indirect measurements into absolute levels of the waves. We have solved this problem to some extent. In this paper, we propose an optical method for measuring the 3D power spectral density of the surface waves and spatio-temporal samples of the wave profiles. The method involves, first, synchronous recording of the brightness field over a patch of a rough surface and measurement of surface oscillations at one or more points and, second, filtering of the spatial image spectrum. Filter parameters are chosen to maximize the correlation of the surface oscillations recovered and measured at one or two points. In addition to the measurement procedure, the paper provides experimental results of measuring multidimensional spectra of roughness, which generally agree with theoretical expectations and the results of other authors.



