# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-03-22
### Sample Distortion for Compressed Imaging
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.5492v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TSP.2013.2286775
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IT, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.5492v2)
- **Published**: 2013-03-22 00:58:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-07-29 20:19:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Chunli Guo, Mike E. Davies
- **Comment**: 12 pages, 10 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We propose the notion of a sample distortion (SD) function for independent and identically distributed (i.i.d) compressive distributions to fundamentally quantify the achievable reconstruction performance of compressed sensing for certain encoder-decoder pairs at a given sampling ratio. Two lower bounds on the achievable performance and the intrinsic convexity property is derived. A zeroing procedure is then introduced to improve non convex SD functions. The SD framework is then applied to analyse compressed imaging with a multi-resolution statistical image model using both the generalized Gaussian distribution and the two-state Gaussian mixture distribution. We subsequently focus on the Gaussian encoder-Bayesian optimal approximate message passing (AMP) decoder pair, whose theoretical SD function is provided by the rigorous analysis of the AMP algorithm. Given the image statistics, analytic bandwise sample allocation for bandwise independent model is derived as a reverse water-filling scheme. Som and Schniter's turbo message passing approach is further deployed to integrate the bandwise sampling with the exploitation of the hidden Markov tree structure of wavelet coefficients. Natural image simulations confirm that with oracle image statistics, the SD function associated with the optimized sample allocation can accurately predict the possible compressed sensing gains. Finally, a general sample allocation profile based on average image statistics not only illustrates preferable performance but also makes the scheme practical.



### Sparse Projections of Medical Images onto Manifolds
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.5508v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.5508v2)
- **Published**: 2013-03-22 03:24:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-28 19:21:33+00:00
- **Authors**: George H. Chen, Christian Wachinger, Polina Golland
- **Comment**: International Conference on Information Processing in Medical Imaging
  (IPMI 2013)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Manifold learning has been successfully applied to a variety of medical imaging problems. Its use in real-time applications requires fast projection onto the low-dimensional space. To this end, out-of-sample extensions are applied by constructing an interpolation function that maps from the input space to the low-dimensional manifold. Commonly used approaches such as the Nystr\"{o}m extension and kernel ridge regression require using all training points. We propose an interpolation function that only depends on a small subset of the input training data. Consequently, in the testing phase each new point only needs to be compared against a small number of input training data in order to project the point onto the low-dimensional space. We interpret our method as an out-of-sample extension that approximates kernel ridge regression. Our method involves solving a simple convex optimization problem and has the attractive property of guaranteeing an upper bound on the approximation error, which is crucial for medical applications. Tuning this error bound controls the sparsity of the resulting interpolation function. We illustrate our method in two clinical applications that require fast mapping of input images onto a low-dimensional space.



### Cortical Surface Co-Registration based on MRI Images and Photos
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1303.5691v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1303.5691v1)
- **Published**: 2013-03-22 19:07:13+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-03-22 19:07:13+00:00
- **Authors**: Benjamin Berkels, Ivan Cabrilo, Sven Haller, Martin Rumpf, Carlo Schaller
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Brain shift, i.e. the change in configuration of the brain after opening the dura mater, is a key problem in neuronavigation. We present an approach to co-register intra-operative microscope images with pre-operative MRI to adapt and optimize intra-operative neuronavigation. The tools are a robust classification of sulci on MRI extracted cortical surfaces, guided user marking of most prominent sulci on a microscope image, and the actual variational registration method with a fidelity energy for 3D deformations of the cortical surface combined with a higher order, linear elastica type prior energy. Furthermore, the actual registration is validated on an artificial testbed with known ground truth deformation and on real data of a neuro clinical patient.



