# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-01-14
### An Enhanced Method For Evaluating Automatic Video Summaries
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.3590v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.3590v3)
- **Published**: 2014-01-14 09:30:44+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-04-19 16:05:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Karim M. Mahmoud
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author due to some errors and
  incomplete study
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Evaluation of automatic video summaries is a challenging problem. In the past years, some evaluation methods are presented that utilize only a single feature like color feature to detect similarity between automatic video summaries and ground-truth user summaries. One of the drawbacks of using a single feature is that sometimes it gives a false similarity detection which makes the assessment of the quality of the generated video summary less perceptual and not accurate. In this paper, a novel method for evaluating automatic video summaries is presented. This method is based on comparing automatic video summaries generated by video summarization techniques with ground-truth user summaries. The objective of this evaluation method is to quantify the quality of video summaries, and allow comparing different video summarization techniques utilizing both color and texture features of the video frames and using the Bhattacharya distance as a dissimilarity measure due to its advantages. Our Experiments show that the proposed evaluation method overcomes the drawbacks of other methods and gives a more perceptual evaluation of the quality of the automatic video summaries.



### A programme to determine the exact interior of any connected digital picture
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.3385v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CG**, cs.CV, cs.GR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.3385v1)
- **Published**: 2014-01-14 23:21:58+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-01-14 23:21:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Antonio Elias Fabris, Valério Ramos Batista
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Region filling is one of the most important and fundamental operations in computer graphics and image processing. Many filling algorithms and their implementations are based on the Euclidean geometry, which are then translated into computational models moving carelessly from the continuous to the finite discrete space of the computer. The consequences of this approach is that most implementations fail when tested for challenging degenerate and nearly degenerate regions. We present a correct integer-only procedure that works for all connected digital pictures. It finds all possible interior points, which are then displayed and stored in a locating matrix. Namely, we present a filling and locating procedure that can be used in computer graphics and image processing applications.



