# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-01-31
### Hallucinating optimal high-dimensional subspaces
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.8053v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.8053v1)
- **Published**: 2014-01-31 03:28:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-01-31 03:28:10+00:00
- **Authors**: Ognjen Arandjelovic
- **Comment**: Pattern Recognition, 2014
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Linear subspace representations of appearance variation are pervasive in computer vision. This paper addresses the problem of robustly matching such subspaces (computing the similarity between them) when they are used to describe the scope of variations within sets of images of different (possibly greatly so) scales. A naive solution of projecting the low-scale subspace into the high-scale image space is described first and subsequently shown to be inadequate, especially at large scale discrepancies. A successful approach is proposed instead. It consists of (i) an interpolated projection of the low-scale subspace into the high-scale space, which is followed by (ii) a rotation of this initial estimate within the bounds of the imposed ``downsampling constraint''. The optimal rotation is found in the closed-form which best aligns the high-scale reconstruction of the low-scale subspace with the reference it is compared to. The method is evaluated on the problem of matching sets of (i) face appearances under varying illumination and (ii) object appearances under varying viewpoint, using two large data sets. In comparison to the naive matching, the proposed algorithm is shown to greatly increase the separation of between-class and within-class similarities, as well as produce far more meaningful modes of common appearance on which the match score is based.



### Cross-calibration of Time-of-flight and Colour Cameras
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.8092v2
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.cviu.2014.09.001
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.RO
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.8092v2)
- **Published**: 2014-01-31 09:23:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-06-30 12:07:18+00:00
- **Authors**: Miles Hansard, Georgios Evangelidis, Quentin Pelorson, Radu Horaud
- **Comment**: 18 pages, 12 figures, 3 tables
- **Journal**: Computer Vision and Image Understanding, 134, pp.105-115, 2015
- **Summary**: Time-of-flight cameras provide depth information, which is complementary to the photometric appearance of the scene in ordinary images. It is desirable to merge the depth and colour information, in order to obtain a coherent scene representation. However, the individual cameras will have different viewpoints, resolutions and fields of view, which means that they must be mutually calibrated. This paper presents a geometric framework for this multi-view and multi-modal calibration problem. It is shown that three-dimensional projective transformations can be used to align depth and parallax-based representations of the scene, with or without Euclidean reconstruction. A new evaluation procedure is also developed; this allows the reprojection error to be decomposed into calibration and sensor-dependent components. The complete approach is demonstrated on a network of three time-of-flight and six colour cameras. The applications of such a system, to a range of automatic scene-interpretation problems, are discussed.



### Extrinsic Methods for Coding and Dictionary Learning on Grassmann Manifolds
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.8126v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.8126v2)
- **Published**: 2014-01-31 10:59:38+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-05-20 00:12:44+00:00
- **Authors**: Mehrtash Harandi, Richard Hartley, Chunhua Shen, Brian Lovell, Conrad Sanderson
- **Comment**: Appearing in International Journal of Computer Vision
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Sparsity-based representations have recently led to notable results in various visual recognition tasks. In a separate line of research, Riemannian manifolds have been shown useful for dealing with features and models that do not lie in Euclidean spaces. With the aim of building a bridge between the two realms, we address the problem of sparse coding and dictionary learning over the space of linear subspaces, which form Riemannian structures known as Grassmann manifolds. To this end, we propose to embed Grassmann manifolds into the space of symmetric matrices by an isometric mapping. This in turn enables us to extend two sparse coding schemes to Grassmann manifolds. Furthermore, we propose closed-form solutions for learning a Grassmann dictionary, atom by atom. Lastly, to handle non-linearity in data, we extend the proposed Grassmann sparse coding and dictionary learning algorithms through embedding into Hilbert spaces.   Experiments on several classification tasks (gender recognition, gesture classification, scene analysis, face recognition, action recognition and dynamic texture classification) show that the proposed approaches achieve considerable improvements in discrimination accuracy, in comparison to state-of-the-art methods such as kernelized Affine Hull Method and graph-embedding Grassmann discriminant analysis.



