# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-01-21
### Edge detection of binary images using the method of masks
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.5245v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.5245v1)
- **Published**: 2014-01-21 09:57:23+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-01-21 09:57:23+00:00
- **Authors**: Ayman M Bahaa-Eldeen, Abdel-Moneim A. Wahdan, Hani M. K. Mahdi
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Ain Shams University, Faculty of Engineering Scientific Bulletin,
  Volume 35, Issue 3, pp 349-355, (2000)
- **Summary**: In this work the method of masks, creating and using of inverted image masks, together with binary operation of image data are used in edge detection of binary images, monochrome images, which yields about 300 times faster than ordinary methods. The method is divided into three stages: Mask construction, Fundamental edge detection, and Edge Construction Comparison with an ordinary method and a fuzzy based method is carried out.



### Multi-Directional Multi-Level Dual-Cross Patterns for Robust Face Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.5311v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TPAMI.2015.2462338
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.5311v2)
- **Published**: 2014-01-21 13:24:16+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-08-06 02:28:49+00:00
- **Authors**: Changxing Ding, Jonghyun Choi, Dacheng Tao, Larry S. Davis
- **Comment**: accepted version to IEEE TPAMI
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: To perform unconstrained face recognition robust to variations in illumination, pose and expression, this paper presents a new scheme to extract "Multi-Directional Multi-Level Dual-Cross Patterns" (MDML-DCPs) from face images. Specifically, the MDMLDCPs scheme exploits the first derivative of Gaussian operator to reduce the impact of differences in illumination and then computes the DCP feature at both the holistic and component levels. DCP is a novel face image descriptor inspired by the unique textural structure of human faces. It is computationally efficient and only doubles the cost of computing local binary patterns, yet is extremely robust to pose and expression variations. MDML-DCPs comprehensively yet efficiently encodes the invariant characteristics of a face image from multiple levels into patterns that are highly discriminative of inter-personal differences but robust to intra-personal variations. Experimental results on the FERET, CAS-PERL-R1, FRGC 2.0, and LFW databases indicate that DCP outperforms the state-of-the-art local descriptors (e.g. LBP, LTP, LPQ, POEM, tLBP, and LGXP) for both face identification and face verification tasks. More impressively, the best performance is achieved on the challenging LFW and FRGC 2.0 databases by deploying MDML-DCPs in a simple recognition scheme.



