# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-01-24
### Automatic Detection of Calibration Grids in Time-of-Flight Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.6393v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.cviu.2014.01.007
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.6393v1)
- **Published**: 2014-01-24 16:25:56+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-01-24 16:25:56+00:00
- **Authors**: Miles Hansard, Radu Horaud, Michel Amat, Georgios Evangelidis
- **Comment**: 11 pages, 11 figures, 1 table
- **Journal**: Computer Vision and Image Understanding, 121, 2014
- **Summary**: It is convenient to calibrate time-of-flight cameras by established methods, using images of a chequerboard pattern. The low resolution of the amplitude image, however, makes it difficult to detect the board reliably. Heuristic detection methods, based on connected image-components, perform very poorly on this data. An alternative, geometrically-principled method is introduced here, based on the Hough transform. The projection of a chequerboard is represented by two pencils of lines, which are identified as oriented clusters in the gradient-data of the image. A projective Hough transform is applied to each of the two clusters, in axis-aligned coordinates. The range of each transform is properly bounded, because the corresponding gradient vectors are approximately parallel. Each of the two transforms contains a series of collinear peaks; one for every line in the given pencil. This pattern is easily detected, by sweeping a dual line through the transform. The proposed Hough-based method is compared to the standard OpenCV detection routine, by application to several hundred time-of-flight images. It is shown that the new method detects significantly more calibration boards, over a greater variety of poses, without any overall loss of accuracy. This conclusion is based on an analysis of both geometric and photometric error.



