# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-01-05
### Pectoral Muscles Suppression in Digital Mammograms using Hybridization of Soft Computing Methods
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.0870v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.0870v1)
- **Published**: 2014-01-05 08:14:43+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-01-05 08:14:43+00:00
- **Authors**: I. Laurence Aroquiaraj, K. Thangavel
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 6 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Breast region segmentation is an essential prerequisite in computerized analysis of mammograms. It aims at separating the breast tissue from the background of the mammogram and it includes two independent segmentations. The first segments the background region which usually contains annotations, labels and frames from the whole breast region, while the second removes the pectoral muscle portion (present in Medio Lateral Oblique (MLO) views) from the rest of the breast tissue. In this paper we propose hybridization of Connected Component Labeling (CCL), Fuzzy, and Straight line methods. Our proposed methods worked good for separating pectoral region. After removal pectoral muscle from the mammogram, further processing is confined to the breast region alone. To demonstrate the validity of our segmentation algorithm, it is extensively tested using over 322 mammographic images from the Mammographic Image Analysis Society (MIAS) database. The segmentation results were evaluated using a Mean Absolute Error (MAE), Hausdroff Distance (HD), Probabilistic Rand Index (PRI), Local Consistency Error (LCE) and Tanimoto Coefficient (TC). The hybridization of fuzzy with straight line method is given more than 96% of the curve segmentations to be adequate or better. In addition a comparison with similar approaches from the state of the art has been given, obtaining slightly improved results. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.



### Feature Selection Using Classifier in High Dimensional Data
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.0898v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.0898v1)
- **Published**: 2014-01-05 14:52:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-01-05 14:52:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Vijendra Singh, Shivani Pathak
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Feature selection is frequently used as a pre-processing step to machine learning. It is a process of choosing a subset of original features so that the feature space is optimally reduced according to a certain evaluation criterion. The central objective of this paper is to reduce the dimension of the data by finding a small set of important features which can give good classification performance. We have applied filter and wrapper approach with different classifiers QDA and LDA respectively. A widely-used filter method is used for bioinformatics data i.e. a univariate criterion separately on each feature, assuming that there is no interaction between features and then applied Sequential Feature Selection method. Experimental results show that filter approach gives better performance in respect of Misclassification Error Rate.



