# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-01-15
### Low-Rank Modeling and Its Applications in Image Analysis
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.3409v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.3409v3)
- **Published**: 2014-01-15 02:17:33+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-10-23 02:05:18+00:00
- **Authors**: Xiaowei Zhou, Can Yang, Hongyu Zhao, Weichuan Yu
- **Comment**: To appear in ACM Computing Surveys
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Low-rank modeling generally refers to a class of methods that solve problems by representing variables of interest as low-rank matrices. It has achieved great success in various fields including computer vision, data mining, signal processing and bioinformatics. Recently, much progress has been made in theories, algorithms and applications of low-rank modeling, such as exact low-rank matrix recovery via convex programming and matrix completion applied to collaborative filtering. These advances have brought more and more attentions to this topic. In this paper, we review the recent advance of low-rank modeling, the state-of-the-art algorithms, and related applications in image analysis. We first give an overview to the concept of low-rank modeling and challenging problems in this area. Then, we summarize the models and algorithms for low-rank matrix recovery and illustrate their advantages and limitations with numerical experiments. Next, we introduce a few applications of low-rank modeling in the context of image analysis. Finally, we conclude this paper with some discussions.



### Convex Relaxations of SE(2) and SE(3) for Visual Pose Estimation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.3700v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.3700v2)
- **Published**: 2014-01-15 18:54:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-04-06 17:57:31+00:00
- **Authors**: Matanya B. Horowitz, Nikolai Matni, Joel W. Burdick
- **Comment**: ICRA 2014 Preprint
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper proposes a new method for rigid body pose estimation based on spectrahedral representations of the tautological orbitopes of $SE(2)$ and $SE(3)$. The approach can use dense point cloud data from stereo vision or an RGB-D sensor (such as the Microsoft Kinect), as well as visual appearance data. The method is a convex relaxation of the classical pose estimation problem, and is based on explicit linear matrix inequality (LMI) representations for the convex hulls of $SE(2)$ and $SE(3)$. Given these representations, the relaxed pose estimation problem can be framed as a robust least squares problem with the optimization variable constrained to these convex sets. Although this formulation is a relaxation of the original problem, numerical experiments indicate that it is indeed exact - i.e. its solution is a member of $SE(2)$ or $SE(3)$ - in many interesting settings. We additionally show that this method is guaranteed to be exact for a large class of pose estimation problems.



