# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-01-20
### Generalized Bhattacharyya and Chernoff upper bounds on Bayes error using quasi-arithmetic means
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.4788v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.patrec.2014.01.002
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IT, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.4788v1)
- **Published**: 2014-01-20 04:05:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-01-20 04:05:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Frank Nielsen
- **Comment**: 22 pages, include R code. To appear in Pattern Recognition Letters
- **Journal**: Pattern Recognition Letters 42 (2014): 25-34
- **Summary**: Bayesian classification labels observations based on given prior information, namely class-a priori and class-conditional probabilities. Bayes' risk is the minimum expected classification cost that is achieved by the Bayes' test, the optimal decision rule. When no cost incurs for correct classification and unit cost is charged for misclassification, Bayes' test reduces to the maximum a posteriori decision rule, and Bayes risk simplifies to Bayes' error, the probability of error. Since calculating this probability of error is often intractable, several techniques have been devised to bound it with closed-form formula, introducing thereby measures of similarity and divergence between distributions like the Bhattacharyya coefficient and its associated Bhattacharyya distance. The Bhattacharyya upper bound can further be tightened using the Chernoff information that relies on the notion of best error exponent. In this paper, we first express Bayes' risk using the total variation distance on scaled distributions. We then elucidate and extend the Bhattacharyya and the Chernoff upper bound mechanisms using generalized weighted means. We provide as a byproduct novel notions of statistical divergences and affinity coefficients. We illustrate our technique by deriving new upper bounds for the univariate Cauchy and the multivariate $t$-distributions, and show experimentally that those bounds are not too distant to the computationally intractable Bayes' error.



### Study of Efficient Technique Based On 2D Tsallis Entropy For Image Thresholding
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.5098v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 68U10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.5098v1)
- **Published**: 2014-01-20 21:36:51+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-01-20 21:36:51+00:00
- **Authors**: Mohamed A. El-Sayed, S. Abdel-Khalek, Eman Abdel-Aziz
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: International Journal on Computer Science and Engineering (IJCSE),
  Vol. 3 No. 9, pp. 3125-3138, 2011
- **Summary**: Thresholding is an important task in image processing. It is a main tool in pattern recognition, image segmentation, edge detection and scene analysis. In this paper, we present a new thresholding technique based on two-dimensional Tsallis entropy. The two-dimensional Tsallis entropy was obtained from the twodimensional histogram which was determined by using the gray value of the pixels and the local average gray value of the pixels, the work it was applied a generalized entropy formalism that represents a recent development in statistical mechanics. The effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated by using examples from the real-world and synthetic images. The performance evaluation of the proposed technique in terms of the quality of the thresholded images are presented. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method achieve better result than the Shannon method.



### An Identification System Using Eye Detection Based On Wavelets And Neural Networks
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1401.5108v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1401.5108v1)
- **Published**: 2014-01-20 22:10:52+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-01-20 22:10:52+00:00
- **Authors**: Mohamed A. El-Sayed, Mohamed A. Khafagy
- **Comment**: Mohamed A. El-Sayed and Mohamed A. Khafagy, An Identification System
  Using Eye Detection Based On Wavelets And Neural Networks. International
  Journal Of Computer And Information Technology. Vol. 1, No. 2, pp. 43-48,
  2012. arXiv admin note: text overlap with arXiv:1205.5097 by other authors
  without attribution
- **Journal**: International Journal Of Computer And Information Technology, 2012
- **Summary**: The randomness and uniqueness of human eye patterns is a major breakthrough in the search for quicker, easier and highly reliable forms of automatic human identification. It is being used extensively in security solutions. This includes access control to physical facilities, security systems and information databases, Suspect tracking, surveillance and intrusion detection and by various Intelligence agencies through out the world. We use the advantage of human eye uniqueness to identify people and approve its validity as a biometric. . Eye detection involves first extracting the eye from a digital face image, and then encoding the unique patterns of the eye in such a way that they can be compared with pre-registered eye patterns. The eye detection system consists of an automatic segmentation system that is based on the wavelet transform, and then the Wavelet analysis is used as a pre-processor for a back propagation neural network with conjugate gradient learning. The inputs to the neural network are the wavelet maxima neighborhood coefficients of face images at a particular scale. The output of the neural network is the classification of the input into an eye or non-eye region. An accuracy of 90% is observed for identifying test images under different conditions included in training stage.



