# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-11-23
### Bio-inspired speed detection and discrimination
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0911.4385v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.NE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0911.4385v1)
- **Published**: 2009-11-23 12:23:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-11-23 12:23:39+00:00
- **Authors**: Mauricio Cerda, Lucas Terissi, Bernard Girau
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: 4th International Conference on Bio-Inspired Models of Network,
  Information, and Computing Systems, Avignon : France (2009)
- **Summary**: In the field of computer vision, a crucial task is the detection of motion (also called optical flow extraction). This operation allows analysis such as 3D reconstruction, feature tracking, time-to-collision and novelty detection among others. Most of the optical flow extraction techniques work within a finite range of speeds. Usually, the range of detection is extended towards higher speeds by combining some multiscale information in a serial architecture. This serial multi-scale approach suffers from the problem of error propagation related to the number of scales used in the algorithm. On the other hand, biological experiments show that human motion perception seems to follow a parallel multiscale scheme. In this work we present a bio-inspired parallel architecture to perform detection of motion, providing a wide range of operation and avoiding error propagation associated with the serial architecture. To test our algorithm, we perform relative error comparisons between both classical and proposed techniques, showing that the parallel architecture is able to achieve motion detection with results similar to the serial approach.



### Designing fuzzy rule based classifier using self-organizing feature map for analysis of multispectral satellite images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0911.4414v1
- **DOI**: 10.1080/01431160500033419
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.NE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0911.4414v1)
- **Published**: 2009-11-23 14:26:00+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-11-23 14:26:00+00:00
- **Authors**: Nikhil R. Pal, Arijit Laha, J. Das
- **Comment**: 23 pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: International Journal of Remote Sensing, Volume 26, No 10, Pages
  2219-2240, May 2005
- **Summary**: We propose a novel scheme for designing fuzzy rule based classifier. An SOFM based method is used for generating a set of prototypes which is used to generate a set of fuzzy rules. Each rule represents a region in the feature space that we call the context of the rule. The rules are tuned with respect to their context. We justified that the reasoning scheme may be different in different context leading to context sensitive inferencing. To realize context sensitive inferencing we used a softmin operator with a tunable parameter. The proposed scheme is tested on several multispectral satellite image data sets and the performance is found to be much better than the results reported in the literature.



### Land cover classification using fuzzy rules and aggregation of contextual information through evidence theory
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0911.4416v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TGRS.2006.864391
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.NE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0911.4416v1)
- **Published**: 2009-11-23 14:33:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-11-23 14:33:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Arijit Laha, Nikhil R. Pal, J. Das
- **Comment**: 14 pages, 2 figures
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing, Vol. 44, No.
  6, pp. 1633-1642, June 2006
- **Summary**: Land cover classification using multispectral satellite image is a very challenging task with numerous practical applications. We propose a multi-stage classifier that involves fuzzy rule extraction from the training data and then generation of a possibilistic label vector for each pixel using the fuzzy rule base. To exploit the spatial correlation of land cover types we propose four different information aggregation methods which use the possibilistic class label of a pixel and those of its eight spatial neighbors for making the final classification decision. Three of the aggregation methods use Dempster-Shafer theory of evidence while the remaining one is modeled after the fuzzy k-NN rule. The proposed methods are tested with two benchmark seven channel satellite images and the results are found to be quite satisfactory. They are also compared with a Markov random field (MRF) model-based contextual classification method and found to perform consistently better.



