# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-11-29
### Pigment Melanin: Pattern for Iris Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0911.5462v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIM.2009.2037996
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0911.5462v1)
- **Published**: 2009-11-29 07:07:54+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-11-29 07:07:54+00:00
- **Authors**: Mahdi S. Hosseini, Babak N. Araabi, Hamid Soltanian-Zadeh
- **Comment**: To be Published on Special Issue on Biometrics, IEEE Transaction on
  Instruments and Measurements, Volume 59, Issue number 4, April 2010
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Recognition of iris based on Visible Light (VL) imaging is a difficult problem because of the light reflection from the cornea. Nonetheless, pigment melanin provides a rich feature source in VL, unavailable in Near-Infrared (NIR) imaging. This is due to biological spectroscopy of eumelanin, a chemical not stimulated in NIR. In this case, a plausible solution to observe such patterns may be provided by an adaptive procedure using a variational technique on the image histogram. To describe the patterns, a shape analysis method is used to derive feature-code for each subject. An important question is how much the melanin patterns, extracted from VL, are independent of iris texture in NIR. With this question in mind, the present investigation proposes fusion of features extracted from NIR and VL to boost the recognition performance. We have collected our own database (UTIRIS) consisting of both NIR and VL images of 158 eyes of 79 individuals. This investigation demonstrates that the proposed algorithm is highly sensitive to the patterns of cromophores and improves the iris recognition rate.



