# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2009-11-04
### Generalized Discriminant Analysis algorithm for feature reduction in Cyber Attack Detection System
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0911.0787v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CR**, cs.CV, cs.NE
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0911.0787v1)
- **Published**: 2009-11-04 11:29:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-11-04 11:29:57+00:00
- **Authors**: Shailendra Singh, Sanjay Silakari
- **Comment**: 8 pages IEEE format, International Journal of Computer Science and
  Information Security, IJCSIS 2009, ISSN 1947 5500, Impact Factor 0.423,
  http://sites.google.com/site/ijcsis/
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science and Information
  Security, IJCSIS, Vol. 6, No. 1, pp. 173-180, October 2009, USA
- **Summary**: This Generalized Discriminant Analysis (GDA) has provided an extremely powerful approach to extracting non linear features. The network traffic data provided for the design of intrusion detection system always are large with ineffective information, thus we need to remove the worthless information from the original high dimensional database. To improve the generalization ability, we usually generate a small set of features from the original input variables by feature extraction. The conventional Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) feature reduction technique has its limitations. It is not suitable for non linear dataset. Thus we propose an efficient algorithm based on the Generalized Discriminant Analysis (GDA) feature reduction technique which is novel approach used in the area of cyber attack detection. This not only reduces the number of the input features but also increases the classification accuracy and reduces the training and testing time of the classifiers by selecting most discriminating features. We use Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and C4.5 classifiers to compare the performance of the proposed technique. The result indicates the superiority of algorithm.



