# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2007-10-01
### High-Order Nonparametric Belief-Propagation for Fast Image Inpainting
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0710.0243v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0710.0243v1)
- **Published**: 2007-10-01 09:18:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2007-10-01 09:18:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Julian John McAuley, Tiberio S. Caetano
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 6 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we use belief-propagation techniques to develop fast algorithms for image inpainting. Unlike traditional gradient-based approaches, which may require many iterations to converge, our techniques achieve competitive results after only a few iterations. On the other hand, while belief-propagation techniques are often unable to deal with high-order models due to the explosion in the size of messages, we avoid this problem by approximating our high-order prior model using a Gaussian mixture. By using such an approximation, we are able to inpaint images quickly while at the same time retaining good visual results.



### The Theory of Unified Relativity for a Biovielectroluminescence Phenomenon via Fly's Visual and Imaging System
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0710.0410v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CE**, cs.CV, I.2.10; I.4; I.5; J.0; J.2; J.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0710.0410v1)
- **Published**: 2007-10-01 23:55:50+00:00
- **Updated**: 2007-10-01 23:55:50+00:00
- **Authors**: Philip B. Alipour
- **Comment**: 51 pages, 4 figures (2 multi-figures), 4 tables, 3 Appendices, 1
  Animation clip. This is a personalized report, extension to project license
  No. TXU001347562. A very concise report is to be published in other journals
  encompassing the relevant categories on computing and physical sciences
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The elucidation upon fly's neuronal patterns as a link to computer graphics and memory cards I/O's, is investigated for the phenomenon by propounding a unified theory of Einstein's two known relativities. It is conclusive that flies could contribute a certain amount of neuromatrices indicating an imagery function of a visual-computational system into computer graphics and storage systems. The visual system involves the time aspect, whereas flies possess faster pulses compared to humans' visual ability due to the E-field state on an active fly's eye surface. This behaviour can be tested on a dissected fly specimen at its ommatidia. Electro-optical contacts and electrodes are wired through the flesh forming organic emitter layer to stimulate light emission, thereby to a computer circuit. The next step is applying a threshold voltage with secondary voltages to the circuit denoting an array of essential electrodes for bit switch. As a result, circuit's dormant pulses versus active pulses at the specimen's area are recorded. The outcome matrix possesses a construction of RGB and time radicals expressing the time problem in consumption, allocating time into computational algorithms, enhancing the technology far beyond. The obtained formulation generates consumed distance cons(x), denoting circuital travel between data source/sink for pixel data and bendable wavelengths. Once 'image logic' is in place, incorporating this point of graphical acceleration permits one to enhance graphics and optimize immensely central processing, data transmissions between memory and computer visual system. The phenomenon can be mainly used in 360-deg. display/viewing, 3D scanning techniques, military and medicine, a robust and cheap substitution for e.g. pre-motion pattern analysis, real-time rendering and LCDs.



