# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-05-30
### DEM Registration and Error Analysis using ASCII values
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1405.7771v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.7771v1)
- **Published**: 2014-05-30 04:34:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-05-30 04:34:10+00:00
- **Authors**: Suma Dawn, Vikas Saxena, Bhu Dev Sharma
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 4 figures, 1 table, Proceeding of International Conference
  on Signal Processing and Imaging Engineering 2010, San Francisco, USA, 20-22
  October 2010
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Digital Elevation Model (DEM), while providing a bare earth look, is heavily used in many applications including construction modeling, visualization, and GIS. Their registration techniques have not been explored much. Methods like Coarse-to-fine or pyramid making are common in DEM-to-image or DEM-to-map registration. Self-consistency measure is used to detect any change in terrain elevation and hence was used for DEM-to-DEM registration. But these methods apart from being time and complexity intensive, lack in error matrix evaluation. This paper gives a method of registration of DEMs using specified height values as control points by initially converting these DEMs to ASCII files. These control points may be found by two mannerisms - either by direct detection of appropriate height data in ASCII files or by edge matching along congruous quadrangle of the control point, followed by sub-graph matching. Error analysis for the same has also been done.



### The Shortlist Method for Fast Computation of the Earth Mover's Distance and Finding Optimal Solutions to Transportation Problems
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1405.7903v1
- **DOI**: 10.1371/journal.pone.0110214
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.7903v1)
- **Published**: 2014-05-30 16:07:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-05-30 16:07:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Carsten Gottschlich, Dominic Schuhmacher
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: PLOS ONE 9(10): e110214, Oct. 2014
- **Summary**: Finding solutions to the classical transportation problem is of great importance, since this optimization problem arises in many engineering and computer science applications. Especially the Earth Mover's Distance is used in a plethora of applications ranging from content-based image retrieval, shape matching, fingerprint recognition, object tracking and phishing web page detection to computing color differences in linguistics and biology. Our starting point is the well-known revised simplex algorithm, which iteratively improves a feasible solution to optimality. The Shortlist Method that we propose substantially reduces the number of candidates inspected for improving the solution, while at the same time balancing the number of pivots required. Tests on simulated benchmarks demonstrate a considerable reduction in computation time for the new method as compared to the usual revised simplex algorithm implemented with state-of-the-art initialization and pivot strategies. As a consequence, the Shortlist Method facilitates the computation of large scale transportation problems in viable time. In addition we describe a novel method for finding an initial feasible solution which we coin Modified Russell's Method.



### Circle detection using electro-magnetism optimization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1406.0023v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.0023v1)
- **Published**: 2014-05-30 21:58:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-05-30 21:58:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Erik Cuevas, Diego Oliva, Daniel Zaldivar, Marco Perez-Cisneros, Humberto Sossa
- **Comment**: arXiv admin note: substantial text overlap with arXiv:1405.7362
- **Journal**: Information Sciences, Volume 182, Issue 1, 1 January 2012, Pages
  40-55, ISSN 0020-0255,
- **Summary**: This paper describes a circle detection method based on Electromagnetism-Like Optimization (EMO). Circle detection has received considerable attention over the last years thanks to its relevance for many computer vision tasks. EMO is a heuristic method for solving complex optimization problems inspired in electromagnetism principles. This algorithm searches a solution based in the attraction and repulsion among prototype candidates. In this paper the detection process is considered to be similar to an optimization problem, the algorithm uses the combination of three edge points (x, y, r) as parameters to determine circles candidates in the scene. An objective function determines if such circle candidates are actually present in the image. The EMO algorithm is used to find the circle candidate that is better related with the real circle present in the image according to the objective function. The final algorithm is a fast circle detector that locates circles with sub-pixel accuracy even considering complicated conditions and noisy images.



