# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-05-19
### Kronecker PCA Based Spatio-Temporal Modeling of Video for Dismount Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1405.4574v1
- **DOI**: 10.1117/12.2050184
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, stat.ME
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.4574v1)
- **Published**: 2014-05-19 01:22:34+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-05-19 01:22:34+00:00
- **Authors**: Kristjan H. Greenewald, Alfred O. Hero III
- **Comment**: 8 pages. To appear in Proceeding of SPIE DSS. arXiv admin note: text
  overlap with arXiv:1402.5568
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We consider the application of KronPCA spatio-temporal modeling techniques [Greenewald et al 2013, Tsiligkaridis et al 2013] to the extraction of spatiotemporal features for video dismount classification. KronPCA performs a low-rank type of dimensionality reduction that is adapted to spatio-temporal data and is characterized by the T frame multiframe mean and covariance of p spatial features. For further regularization and improved inverse estimation, we also use the diagonally corrected KronPCA shrinkage methods we presented in [Greenewald et al 2013]. We apply this very general method to the modeling of the multivariate temporal behavior of HOG features extracted from pedestrian bounding boxes in video, with gender classification in a challenging dataset chosen as a specific application. The learned covariances for each class are used to extract spatiotemporal features which are then classified, achieving competitive classification performance.



### ESSP: An Efficient Approach to Minimizing Dense and Nonsubmodular Energy Functions
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1405.4583v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.4583v1)
- **Published**: 2014-05-19 03:06:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-05-19 03:06:14+00:00
- **Authors**: Wei Feng, Jiaya Jia, Zhi-Qiang Liu
- **Comment**: 9 pages, 11 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Many recent advances in computer vision have demonstrated the impressive power of dense and nonsubmodular energy functions in solving visual labeling problems. However, minimizing such energies is challenging. None of existing techniques (such as s-t graph cut, QPBO, BP and TRW-S) can individually do this well. In this paper, we present an efficient method, namely ESSP, to optimize binary MRFs with arbitrary pairwise potentials, which could be nonsubmodular and with dense connectivity. We also provide a comparative study of our approach and several recent promising methods. From our study, we make some reasonable recommendations of combining existing methods that perform the best in different situations for this challenging problem. Experimental results validate that for dense and nonsubmodular energy functions, the proposed approach can usually obtain lower energies than the best combination of other techniques using comparably reasonable time.



### Use of Computer Vision to Detect Tangles in Tangled Objects
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1405.4802v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICIIP.2013.6707551
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.4802v2)
- **Published**: 2014-05-19 16:51:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-10-11 04:50:24+00:00
- **Authors**: Paritosh Parmar
- **Comment**: IEEE International Conference on Image Information Processing;
  untangle; untangling; computer vision; robotic vision; untangling by robot;
  Tangled-100 dataset; tangled linear deformable objects; personal robotics;
  image processing
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Untangling of structures like ropes and wires by autonomous robots can be useful in areas such as personal robotics, industries and electrical wiring & repairing by robots. This problem can be tackled by using computer vision system in robot. This paper proposes a computer vision based method for analyzing visual data acquired from camera for perceiving the overlap of wires, ropes, hoses i.e. detecting tangles. Information obtained after processing image according to the proposed method comprises of position of tangles in tangled object and which wire passes over which wire. This information can then be used to guide robot to untangle wire/s. Given an image, preprocessing is done to remove noise. Then edges of wire are detected. After that, the image is divided into smaller blocks and each block is checked for wire overlap/s and finding other relevant information. TANGLED-100 dataset was introduced, which consists of images of tangled linear deformable objects. Method discussed in here was tested on the TANGLED-100 dataset. Accuracy achieved during experiments was found to be 74.9%. Robotic simulations were carried out to demonstrate the use of the proposed method in applications of robot. Proposed method is a general method that can be used by robots working in different situations.



### Scalable Semidefinite Relaxation for Maximum A Posterior Estimation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1405.4807v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV, cs.IT, math.IT, math.OC, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.4807v1)
- **Published**: 2014-05-19 16:58:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-05-19 16:58:24+00:00
- **Authors**: Qixing Huang, Yuxin Chen, Leonidas Guibas
- **Comment**: accepted to International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML 2014)
- **Journal**: International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML), vol. 32, pp.
  64-72, June 2014
- **Summary**: Maximum a posteriori (MAP) inference over discrete Markov random fields is a fundamental task spanning a wide spectrum of real-world applications, which is known to be NP-hard for general graphs. In this paper, we propose a novel semidefinite relaxation formulation (referred to as SDR) to estimate the MAP assignment. Algorithmically, we develop an accelerated variant of the alternating direction method of multipliers (referred to as SDPAD-LR) that can effectively exploit the special structure of the new relaxation. Encouragingly, the proposed procedure allows solving SDR for large-scale problems, e.g., problems on a grid graph comprising hundreds of thousands of variables with multiple states per node. Compared with prior SDP solvers, SDPAD-LR is capable of attaining comparable accuracy while exhibiting remarkably improved scalability, in contrast to the commonly held belief that semidefinite relaxation can only been applied on small-scale MRF problems. We have evaluated the performance of SDR on various benchmark datasets including OPENGM2 and PIC in terms of both the quality of the solutions and computation time. Experimental results demonstrate that for a broad class of problems, SDPAD-LR outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms in producing better MAP assignment in an efficient manner.



