# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2014-05-03
### Optimal measurement of visual motion across spatial and temporal scales
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1405.0545v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, q-bio.NC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.0545v1)
- **Published**: 2014-05-03 01:37:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-05-03 01:37:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Sergei Gepshtein, Ivan Tyukin
- **Comment**: 28 pages, 10 figures, 2 appendices; in press in Favorskaya MN and
  Jain LC (Eds), Computer Vision in Advanced Control Systems using Conventional
  and Intelligent Paradigms, Intelligent Systems Reference Library,
  Springer-Verlag, Berlin
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Sensory systems use limited resources to mediate the perception of a great variety of objects and events. Here a normative framework is presented for exploring how the problem of efficient allocation of resources can be solved in visual perception. Starting with a basic property of every measurement, captured by Gabor's uncertainty relation about the location and frequency content of signals, prescriptions are developed for optimal allocation of sensors for reliable perception of visual motion. This study reveals that a large-scale characteristic of human vision (the spatiotemporal contrast sensitivity function) is similar to the optimal prescription, and it suggests that some previously puzzling phenomena of visual sensitivity, adaptation, and perceptual organization have simple principled explanations.



### Supervised Descent Method for Solving Nonlinear Least Squares Problems in Computer Vision
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1405.0601v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.0601v1)
- **Published**: 2014-05-03 15:37:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-05-03 15:37:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Xuehan Xiong, Fernando De la Torre
- **Comment**: 15 pages. In submission to TPAMI
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Many computer vision problems (e.g., camera calibration, image alignment, structure from motion) are solved with nonlinear optimization methods. It is generally accepted that second order descent methods are the most robust, fast, and reliable approaches for nonlinear optimization of a general smooth function. However, in the context of computer vision, second order descent methods have two main drawbacks: (1) the function might not be analytically differentiable and numerical approximations are impractical, and (2) the Hessian may be large and not positive definite. To address these issues, this paper proposes generic descent maps, which are average "descent directions" and rescaling factors learned in a supervised fashion. Using generic descent maps, we derive a practical algorithm - Supervised Descent Method (SDM) - for minimizing Nonlinear Least Squares (NLS) problems. During training, SDM learns a sequence of decent maps that minimize the NLS. In testing, SDM minimizes the NLS objective using the learned descent maps without computing the Jacobian or the Hessian. We prove the conditions under which the SDM is guaranteed to converge. We illustrate the effectiveness and accuracy of SDM in three computer vision problems: rigid image alignment, non-rigid image alignment, and 3D pose estimation. In particular, we show how SDM achieves state-of-the-art performance in the problem of facial feature detection. The code has been made available at www.humansensing.cs.cmu.edu/intraface.



