# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-02-14
### No-reference image quality assessment through the von Mises distribution
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.3021v1
- **DOI**: 10.1364/JOSAA.29.002058
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.3021v1)
- **Published**: 2012-02-14 12:50:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-02-14 12:50:35+00:00
- **Authors**: Salvador Gabarda, Gabriel Cristobal
- **Comment**: 29 pages, 11 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: An innovative way of calculating the von Mises distribution (VMD) of image entropy is introduced in this paper. The VMD's concentration parameter and some fitness parameter that will be later defined, have been analyzed in the experimental part for determining their suitability as a image quality assessment measure in some particular distortions such as Gaussian blur or additive Gaussian noise. To achieve such measure, the local R\'{e}nyi entropy is calculated in four equally spaced orientations and used to determine the parameters of the von Mises distribution of the image entropy. Considering contextual images, experimental results after applying this model show that the best-in-focus noise-free images are associated with the highest values for the von Mises distribution concentration parameter and the highest approximation of image data to the von Mises distribution model. Our defined von Misses fitness parameter experimentally appears also as a suitable no-reference image quality assessment indicator for no-contextual images.



### Segmentation of Offline Handwritten Bengali Script
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.3046v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.3046v1)
- **Published**: 2012-02-14 14:22:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-02-14 14:22:24+00:00
- **Authors**: Subhadip Basu, Chitrita Chaudhuri, Mahantapas Kundu, Mita Nasipuri, Dipak K. Basu
- **Comment**: Proceedings of 28th IEEE ACE, pp. 171-174, December 2002, Science
  City, Kolkata
- **Journal**: Proceedings of 28th IEEE ACE, pp. 171-174, December 2002, Science
  City, Kolkata
- **Summary**: Character segmentation has long been one of the most critical areas of optical character recognition process. Through this operation, an image of a sequence of characters, which may be connected in some cases, is decomposed into sub-images of individual alphabetic symbols. In this paper, segmentation of cursive handwritten script of world's fourth popular language, Bengali, is considered. Unlike English script, Bengali handwritten characters and its components often encircle the main character, making the conventional segmentation methodologies inapplicable. Experimental results, using the proposed segmentation technique, on sample cursive handwritten data containing 218 ideal segmentation points show a success rate of 97.7%. Further feature-analysis on these segments may lead to actual recognition of handwritten cursive Bengali script.



