# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-02-09
### Compressed Beamforming in Ultrasound Imaging
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.6037v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TSP.2012.2200891
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, math.IT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.6037v2)
- **Published**: 2012-02-09 07:12:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-04-10 07:38:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Noam Wagner, Yonina C. Eldar, Zvi Friedman
- **Comment**: 14 pages, 11 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Emerging sonography techniques often require increasing the number of transducer elements involved in the imaging process. Consequently, larger amounts of data must be acquired and processed. The significant growth in the amounts of data affects both machinery size and power consumption. Within the classical sampling framework, state of the art systems reduce processing rates by exploiting the bandpass bandwidth of the detected signals. It has been recently shown, that a much more significant sample-rate reduction may be obtained, by treating ultrasound signals within the Finite Rate of Innovation framework. These ideas follow the spirit of Xampling, which combines classic methods from sampling theory with recent developments in Compressed Sensing. Applying such low-rate sampling schemes to individual transducer elements, which detect energy reflected from biological tissues, is limited by the noisy nature of the signals. This often results in erroneous parameter extraction, bringing forward the need to enhance the SNR of the low-rate samples. In our work, we achieve SNR enhancement, by beamforming the sub-Nyquist samples obtained from multiple elements. We refer to this process as "compressed beamforming". Applying it to cardiac ultrasound data, we successfully image macroscopic perturbations, while achieving a nearly eight-fold reduction in sample-rate, compared to standard techniques.



### 3D Model Assisted Image Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.1943v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.1943v1)
- **Published**: 2012-02-09 10:53:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-02-09 10:53:11+00:00
- **Authors**: Srimal Jayawardena, Di Yang, Marcus Hutter
- **Comment**: 18 LaTeX pages, 11 figures, 1 algorithm, 1 table
- **Journal**: Proc. 13th International Conf. on Digital Image Computing:
  Techniques and Applications (DICTA 2011) pages 51-58
- **Summary**: The problem of segmenting a given image into coherent regions is important in Computer Vision and many industrial applications require segmenting a known object into its components. Examples include identifying individual parts of a component for process control work in a manufacturing plant and identifying parts of a car from a photo for automatic damage detection. Unfortunately most of an object's parts of interest in such applications share the same pixel characteristics, having similar colour and texture. This makes segmenting the object into its components a non-trivial task for conventional image segmentation algorithms. In this paper, we propose a "Model Assisted Segmentation" method to tackle this problem. A 3D model of the object is registered over the given image by optimising a novel gradient based loss function. This registration obtains the full 3D pose from an image of the object. The image can have an arbitrary view of the object and is not limited to a particular set of views. The segmentation is subsequently performed using a level-set based method, using the projected contours of the registered 3D model as initialisation curves. The method is fully automatic and requires no user interaction. Also, the system does not require any prior training. We present our results on photographs of a real car.



### Non-parametric convolution based image-segmentation of ill-posed objects applying context window approach
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.1990v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.1990v1)
- **Published**: 2012-02-09 14:02:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-02-09 14:02:26+00:00
- **Authors**: Upendra Kumar, Tapobrata Lahiri, Manoj Kumar Pal
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 7 figures, 4 tables, not published anywhere
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Context-dependence in human cognition process is a well-established fact. Following this, we introduced the image segmentation method that can use context to classify a pixel on the basis of its membership to a particular object-class of the concerned image. In the broad methodological steps, each pixel was defined by its context window (CW) surrounding it the size of which was fixed heuristically. CW texture defined by the intensities of its pixels was convoluted with weights optimized through a non-parametric function supported by a backpropagation network. Result of convolution was used to classify them. The training data points (i.e., pixels) were carefully chosen to include all variety of contexts of types, i) points within the object, ii) points near the edge but inside the objects, iii) points at the border of the objects, iv) points near the edge but outside the objects, v) points near or at the edge of the image frame. Moreover the training data points were selected from all the images within image-dataset. CW texture information for 1000 pixels from face area and background area of images were captured, out of which 700 CWs were used as training input data, and remaining 300 for testing. Our work gives the first time foundation of quantitative enumeration of efficiency of image-segmentation which is extendable to segment out more than 2 objects within an image.



