# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-02-12
### Using Covariance Matrices as Feature Descriptors for Vehicle Detection from a Fixed Camera
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.2528v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.2528v1)
- **Published**: 2012-02-12 13:40:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-02-12 13:40:11+00:00
- **Authors**: Kevin Mader, Gil Reese
- **Comment**: Written as part of the requirements for the SC/EC520 course in
  Digital Image Processing at Boston University
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A method is developed to distinguish between cars and trucks present in a video feed of a highway. The method builds upon previously done work using covariance matrices as an accurate descriptor for regions. Background subtraction and other similar proven image processing techniques are used to identify the regions where the vehicles are most likely to be, and a distance metric comparing the vehicle inside the region to a fixed library of vehicles is used to determine the class of vehicle.



### A better Beta for the H measure of classification performance
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.2564v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **stat.ME**, cs.CV, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.2564v2)
- **Published**: 2012-02-12 20:32:15+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-01 11:44:54+00:00
- **Authors**: David J. Hand, Christoforos Anagnostopoulos
- **Comment**: Preprint. Keywords: supervised classification, classifier
  performance, AUC, ROC curve, H measure
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The area under the ROC curve is widely used as a measure of performance of classification rules. However, it has recently been shown that the measure is fundamentally incoherent, in the sense that it treats the relative severities of misclassifications differently when different classifiers are used. To overcome this, Hand (2009) proposed the $H$ measure, which allows a given researcher to fix the distribution of relative severities to a classifier-independent setting on a given problem. This note extends the discussion, and proposes a modified standard distribution for the $H$ measure, which better matches the requirements of researchers, in particular those faced with heavily unbalanced datasets, the $Beta(\pi_1+1,\pi_0+1)$ distribution. [Preprint submitted at Pattern Recognition Letters]



