# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-02-27
### Divide-and-Conquer Method for L1 Norm Matrix Factorization in the Presence of Outliers and Missing Data
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.5844v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.NA**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.5844v3)
- **Published**: 2012-02-27 07:57:04+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-04-25 11:27:51+00:00
- **Authors**: Deyu Meng, Zongben Xu
- **Comment**: 19 pages, 2 figures, 2 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The low-rank matrix factorization as a L1 norm minimization problem has recently attracted much attention due to its intrinsic robustness to the presence of outliers and missing data. In this paper, we propose a new method, called the divide-and-conquer method, for solving this problem. The main idea is to break the original problem into a series of smallest possible sub-problems, each involving only unique scalar parameter. Each of these subproblems is proved to be convex and has closed-form solution. By recursively optimizing these small problems in an analytical way, efficient algorithm, entirely avoiding the time-consuming numerical optimization as an inner loop, for solving the original problem can naturally be constructed. The computational complexity of the proposed algorithm is approximately linear in both data size and dimensionality, making it possible to handle large-scale L1 norm matrix factorization problems. The algorithm is also theoretically proved to be convergent. Based on a series of experiment results, it is substantiated that our method always achieves better results than the current state-of-the-art methods on $L1$ matrix factorization calculation in both computational time and accuracy, especially on large-scale applications such as face recognition and structure from motion.



