# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-02-08
### Robust seed selection algorithm for k-means type algorithms
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.1585v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijcsit.2011.3513
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CE, 62H30, I.5.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.1585v1)
- **Published**: 2012-02-08 03:07:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-02-08 03:07:39+00:00
- **Authors**: K. Karteeka Pavan, Allam Appa Rao, A. V. Dattatreya Rao, G. R. Sridhar
- **Comment**: 17 pages, 5 tables, 9figures
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science and Technology (IJCSIT),
  Vol 3, No 5, Oct 2011 pp 147-163
- **Summary**: Selection of initial seeds greatly affects the quality of the clusters and in k-means type algorithms. Most of the seed selection methods result different results in different independent runs. We propose a single, optimal, outlier insensitive seed selection algorithm for k-means type algorithms as extension to k-means++. The experimental results on synthetic, real and on microarray data sets demonstrated that effectiveness of the new algorithm in producing the clustering results



### Automatic Clustering with Single Optimal Solution
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.1587v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 62H30, I.5.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.1587v1)
- **Published**: 2012-02-08 03:26:01+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-02-08 03:26:01+00:00
- **Authors**: K. Karteeka Pavan, Allam Appa Rao, A. V. Dattatreya Rao
- **Comment**: 13 pages,4 Tables, 3 figures
- **Journal**: Computer Engineering and Intelligent Systems, 2011, vol no.2 no.4
  pp149-161
- **Summary**: Determining optimal number of clusters in a dataset is a challenging task. Though some methods are available, there is no algorithm that produces unique clustering solution. The paper proposes an Automatic Merging for Single Optimal Solution (AMSOS) which aims to generate unique and nearly optimal clusters for the given datasets automatically. The AMSOS is iteratively merges the closest clusters automatically by validating with cluster validity measure to find single and nearly optimal clusters for the given data set. Experiments on both synthetic and real data have proved that the proposed algorithm finds single and nearly optimal clustering structure in terms of number of clusters, compactness and separation.



### Combined Haar-Hilbert and Log-Gabor Based Iris Encoders
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.1685v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 68T10, I.5
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.1685v1)
- **Published**: 2012-02-08 13:07:10+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-02-08 13:07:10+00:00
- **Authors**: Valentina E. Balas, Iulia M. Motoc, Alina Barbulescu
- **Comment**: 28 pages, 8 figures, 2 tables, book chapter
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This chapter shows that combining Haar-Hilbert and Log-Gabor improves iris recognition performance leading to a less ambiguous biometric decision landscape in which the overlap between the experimental intra- and interclass score distributions diminishes or even vanishes. Haar-Hilbert, Log-Gabor and combined Haar-Hilbert and Log-Gabor encoders are tested here both for single and dual iris approach. The experimental results confirm that the best performance is obtained for the dual iris approach when the iris code is generated using the combined Haar-Hilbert and Log-Gabor encoder, and when the matching score fuses the information from both Haar-Hilbert and Log-Gabor channels of the combined encoder.



### Personalised product design using virtual interactive techniques
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.1808v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijcga.2012.2101
- **Categories**: **cs.MM**, cs.CV, cs.GR, 68u05, 68u20, H.5.2; I.3.7
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.1808v1)
- **Published**: 2012-02-08 20:26:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-02-08 20:26:26+00:00
- **Authors**: Kurien Zacharia, Eldo P. Elias, Surekha Mariam Varghese
- **Comment**: 10 pages; International Journal of Computer Graphics & Animation
  (IJCGA) Vol.2, No.1, January 2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Use of Virtual Interactive Techniques for personalized product design is described in this paper. Usually products are designed and built by considering general usage patterns and Prototyping is used to mimic the static or working behaviour of an actual product before manufacturing the product. The user does not have any control on the design of the product. Personalized design postpones design to a later stage. It allows for personalized selection of individual components by the user. This is implemented by displaying the individual components over a physical model constructed using Cardboard or Thermocol in the actual size and shape of the original product. The components of the equipment or product such as screen, buttons etc. are then projected using a projector connected to the computer into the physical model. Users can interact with the prototype like the original working equipment and they can select, shape, position the individual components displayed on the interaction panel using simple hand gestures. Computer Vision techniques as well as sound processing techniques are used to detect and recognize the user gestures captured using a web camera and microphone.



