# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-02-18
### Unsupervised Threshold for Automatic Extraction of Dolphin Dorsal Fin Outlines from Digital Photographs in DARWIN (Digital Analysis and Recognition of Whale Images on a Network)
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1202.4107v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.6; H.5.2
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1202.4107v1)
- **Published**: 2012-02-18 21:42:24+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-02-18 21:42:24+00:00
- **Authors**: Scott A. Hale
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: At least two software packages---DARWIN, Eckerd College, and FinScan, Texas A&M---exist to facilitate the identification of cetaceans---whales, dolphins, porpoises---based upon the naturally occurring features along the edges of their dorsal fins. Such identification is useful for biological studies of population, social interaction, migration, etc. The process whereby fin outlines are extracted in current fin-recognition software packages is manually intensive and represents a major user input bottleneck: it is both time consuming and visually fatiguing. This research aims to develop automated methods (employing unsupervised thresholding and morphological processing techniques) to extract cetacean dorsal fin outlines from digital photographs thereby reducing manual user input. Ideally, automatic outline generation will improve the overall user experience and improve the ability of the software to correctly identify cetaceans. Various transformations from color to gray space were examined to determine which produced a grayscale image in which a suitable threshold could be easily identified. To assist with unsupervised thresholding, a new metric was developed to evaluate the jaggedness of figures ("pixelarity") in an image after thresholding. The metric indicates how cleanly a threshold segments background and foreground elements and hence provides a good measure of the quality of a given threshold. This research results in successful extractions in roughly 93% of images, and significantly reduces user-input time.



