# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2007-11-06
### Addendum to Research MMMCV; A Man/Microbio/Megabio/Computer Vision
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0711.0784v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CE, I.2.10; I.4; I.5; J.0; J.2; J.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0711.0784v1)
- **Published**: 2007-11-06 19:41:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2007-11-06 19:41:22+00:00
- **Authors**: Philip B. Alipour
- **Comment**: LaTeX, 10 pages, 4 figures (1 algorithm); An addendum to a research
  proposal on biovielectroluminescence and MMMCV for postgraduate academic
  bodies and research departments. The contents of this paper are mostly
  related and referenced to Article: [arXiv:0710.0410]
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In October 2007, a Research Proposal for the University of Sydney, Australia, the author suggested that biovie-physical phenomenon as `electrodynamic dependant biological vision', is governed by relativistic quantum laws and biovision. The phenomenon on the basis of `biovielectroluminescence', satisfies man/microbio/megabio/computer vision (MMMCV), as a robust candidate for physical and visual sciences. The general aim of this addendum is to present a refined text of Sections 1-3 of that proposal and highlighting the contents of its Appendix in form of a `Mechanisms' Section. We then briefly remind in an article aimed for December 2007, by appending two more equations into Section 3, a theoretical II-time scenario as a time model well-proposed for the phenomenon. The time model within the core of the proposal, plays a significant role in emphasizing the principle points on Objectives no. 1-8, Sub-hypothesis 3.1.2, mentioned in Article [arXiv:0710.0410]. It also expresses the time concept in terms of causing quantized energy f(|E|) of time |t|, emit in regard to shortening the probability of particle loci as predictable patterns of particle's un-occurred motion, a solution to Heisenberg's uncertainty principle (HUP) into a simplistic manner. We conclude that, practical frames via a time algorithm to this model, fixates such predictable patterns of motion of scenery bodies onto recordable observation points of a MMMCV system. It even suppresses/predicts superposition phenomena coming from a human subject and/or other bio-subjects for any decision making event, e.g., brainwave quantum patterns based on vision. Maintaining the existential probability of Riemann surfaces of II-time scenarios in the context of biovielectroluminescence, makes motion-prediction a possibility.



