# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-09-30
### An Image-Based Fluid Surface Pattern Model
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.7912v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.2.10; I.4.8; I.5.4; I.6.5; J.2; G.1.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1309.7912v1)
- **Published**: 2013-09-30 16:39:21+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-09-30 16:39:21+00:00
- **Authors**: Mauro de Amorim, Ricardo Fabbri, Lucia Maria dos Santos Pinto, Francisco Duarte Moura Neto
- **Comment**: a reduced version in Portuguese appears in proceedings of the XVI EMC
  - Computational Modeling Meeting (Encontro de Modelagem Computacional), 2013
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This work aims at generating a model of the ocean surface and its dynamics from one or more video cameras. The idea is to model wave patterns from video as a first step towards a larger system of photogrammetric monitoring of marine conditions for use in offshore oil drilling platforms. The first part of the proposed approach consists in reducing the dimensionality of sensor data made up of the many pixels of each frame of the input video streams. This enables finding a concise number of most relevant parameters to model the temporal dataset, yielding an efficient data-driven model of the evolution of the observed surface. The second part proposes stochastic modeling to better capture the patterns embedded in the data. One can then draw samples from the final model, which are expected to simulate the behavior of previously observed flow, in order to determine conditions that match new observations. In this paper we focus on proposing and discussing the overall approach and on comparing two different techniques for dimensionality reduction in the first stage: principal component analysis and diffusion maps. Work is underway on the second stage of constructing better stochastic models of fluid surface dynamics as proposed here.



### Personal Identification from Lip-Print Features using a Statistical Model
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.0036v1
- **DOI**: 10.5120/8817-2801
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.0036v1)
- **Published**: 2013-09-30 20:12:02+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-09-30 20:12:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Saptarshi Bhattacharjee, S Arunkumar, Samir Kumar Bandyopadhyay
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 7 images, Published with International Journal of Computer
  Applications (IJCA)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper presents a novel approach towards identification of human beings from the statistical analysis of their lip prints. Lip features are extracted by studying the spatial orientations of the grooves present in lip prints of individuals using standard edge detection techniques. Horizontal, vertical and diagonal groove features are analysed using connected-component analysis to generate the region-specific edge datasets. Comparison between test and reference sample datasets against a threshold value to define a match yield satisfactory results. FAR, FRR and ROC metrics have been used to gauge the performance of the algorithm for real-world deployment in unimodal and multimodal biometric verification systems.



### Analysis of Amoeba Active Contours
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1310.0097v2
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s10851-014-0524-1
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.6; I.4.3; G.1.8
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1310.0097v2)
- **Published**: 2013-09-30 23:57:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-07-12 21:26:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Martin Welk
- **Comment**: Revised version with several improvements for clarity, slightly
  extended experiments and discussion. Accepted for publication in Journal of
  Mathematical Imaging and Vision
- **Journal**: Journal of Mathematical Imaging and Vision, 52 (2015) 37-54
- **Summary**: Subject of this paper is the theoretical analysis of structure-adaptive median filter algorithms that approximate curvature-based PDEs for image filtering and segmentation. These so-called morphological amoeba filters are based on a concept introduced by Lerallut et al. They achieve similar results as the well-known geodesic active contour and self-snakes PDEs. In the present work, the PDE approximated by amoeba active contours is derived for a general geometric situation and general amoeba metric. This PDE is structurally similar but not identical to the geodesic active contour equation. It reproduces the previous PDE approximation results for amoeba median filters as special cases. Furthermore, modifications of the basic amoeba active contour algorithm are analysed that are related to the morphological force terms frequently used with geodesic active contours. Experiments demonstrate the basic behaviour of amoeba active contours and its similarity to geodesic active contours.



