# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-09-01
### Learning to Rank for Blind Image Quality Assessment
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.0213v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1309.0213v3)
- **Published**: 2013-09-01 12:26:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2019-04-24 00:26:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Fei Gao, Dacheng Tao, Xinbo Gao, Xuelong Li
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON NEURAL NETWORKS AND LEARNING SYSTEMS, VOL.
  26, NO. 10, OCTOBER 2015, PP. 2275-2290
- **Summary**: Blind image quality assessment (BIQA) aims to predict perceptual image quality scores without access to reference images. State-of-the-art BIQA methods typically require subjects to score a large number of images to train a robust model. However, subjective quality scores are imprecise, biased, and inconsistent, and it is challenging to obtain a large scale database, or to extend existing databases, because of the inconvenience of collecting images, training the subjects, conducting subjective experiments, and realigning human quality evaluations. To combat these limitations, this paper explores and exploits preference image pairs (PIPs) such as "the quality of image $I_a$ is better than that of image $I_b$" for training a robust BIQA model. The preference label, representing the relative quality of two images, is generally precise and consistent, and is not sensitive to image content, distortion type, or subject identity; such PIPs can be generated at very low cost. The proposed BIQA method is one of learning to rank. We first formulate the problem of learning the mapping from the image features to the preference label as one of classification. In particular, we investigate the utilization of a multiple kernel learning algorithm based on group lasso (MKLGL) to provide a solution. A simple but effective strategy to estimate perceptual image quality scores is then presented. Experiments show that the proposed BIQA method is highly effective and achieves comparable performance to state-of-the-art BIQA algorithms. Moreover, the proposed method can be easily extended to new distortion categories.



### Multi-Column Deep Neural Networks for Offline Handwritten Chinese Character Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.0261v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1309.0261v1)
- **Published**: 2013-09-01 20:35:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-09-01 20:35:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Dan Cireşan, Jürgen Schmidhuber
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 1 figure, IDSIA tech report
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Our Multi-Column Deep Neural Networks achieve best known recognition rates on Chinese characters from the ICDAR 2011 and 2013 offline handwriting competitions, approaching human performance.



### High-Accuracy Total Variation for Compressed Video Sensing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.0270v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2014.2332755
- **Categories**: **math.OC**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1309.0270v2)
- **Published**: 2013-09-01 22:00:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-05 00:05:34+00:00
- **Authors**: Mahdi S. Hosseini, Konstantinos N. Plataniotis
- **Comment**: Submitted to IEEE Transaction on Image Processing, Revised
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Numerous total variation (TV) regularizers, engaged in image restoration problem, encode the gradients by means of simple $[-1,1]$ FIR filter. Despite its low computational processing, this filter severely deviates signal's high frequency components pertinent to edge/discontinuous information and cause several deficiency issues known as texture and geometric loss. This paper addresses this problem by proposing an alternative model to the TV regularization problem via high order accuracy differential FIR filters to preserve rapid transitions in signal recovery. A numerical encoding scheme is designed to extend the TV model into multidimensional representation (tensorial decomposition). We adopt this design to regulate the spatial and temporal redundancy in compressed video sensing problem to jointly recover frames from under-sampled measurements. We then seek the solution via alternating direction methods of multipliers and find a unique solution to quadratic minimization step with capability of handling different boundary conditions. The resulting algorithm uses much lower sampling rate and highly outperforms alternative state-of-the-art methods. This is evaluated both in terms of restoration accuracy and visual quality of the recovered frames.



