# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-09-11
### Robust Periocular Recognition By Fusing Sparse Representations of Color and Geometry Information
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.2752v1
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s11265-015-1023-3
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 65F22, 65F50, 94A08, I.4.8, I.4.10, G.1.3, G.1.6
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1309.2752v1)
- **Published**: 2013-09-11 08:11:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-09-11 08:11:14+00:00
- **Authors**: Juan C. Moreno, V. B. S. Prasath, Gil Santos, Hugo Proenca
- **Comment**: 23 pages, 5 figures, 3 tables
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper, we propose a re-weighted elastic net (REN) model for biometric recognition. The new model is applied to data separated into geometric and color spatial components. The geometric information is extracted using a fast cartoon - texture decomposition model based on a dual formulation of the total variation norm allowing us to carry information about the overall geometry of images. Color components are defined using linear and nonlinear color spaces, namely the red-green-blue (RGB), chromaticity-brightness (CB) and hue-saturation-value (HSV). Next, according to a Bayesian fusion-scheme, sparse representations for classification purposes are obtained. The scheme is numerically solved using a gradient projection (GP) algorithm. In the empirical validation of the proposed model, we have chosen the periocular region, which is an emerging trait known for its robustness against low quality data. Our results were obtained in the publicly available UBIRIS.v2 data set and show consistent improvements in recognition effectiveness when compared to related state-of-the-art techniques.



### The Classification Accuracy of Multiple-Metric Learning Algorithm on Multi-Sensor Fusion
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.3006v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1309.3006v2)
- **Published**: 2013-09-11 23:58:23+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-09-25 20:47:37+00:00
- **Authors**: Firouz Abdullah Al-Wassai, N. V. Kalyankar
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author due to a crucial sign
  error in title the paper
- **Journal**: International Journal of Soft Computing and Engineering (IJSCE)
  ISSN: 2231-2307, Volume-3, Issue-4, September 2013,pp.124-131
- **Summary**: This paper focuses on two main issues; first one is the impact of Similarity Search to learning the training sample in metric space, and searching based on supervised learning classi-fication. In particular, four metrics space searching are based on spatial information that are introduced as the following; Cheby-shev Distance (CD); Bray Curtis Distance (BCD); Manhattan Distance (MD) and Euclidean Distance(ED) classifiers. The second issue investigates the performance of combination of mul-ti-sensor images on the supervised learning classification accura-cy. QuickBird multispectral data (MS) and panchromatic data (PAN) have been used in this study to demonstrate the enhance-ment and accuracy assessment of fused image over the original images. The supervised classification results of fusion image generated better than the MS did. QuickBird and the best results with ED classifier than the other did.



