# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-09-07
### Radar shadow detection in SAR images using DEM and projections
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.1830v1
- **DOI**: 10.1117/1.JRS.8.083628
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 68U10, I.4.8
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1309.1830v1)
- **Published**: 2013-09-07 07:14:42+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-09-07 07:14:42+00:00
- **Authors**: V. B. S. Prasath, O. Haddad
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 6 figures
- **Journal**: J. Appl. Remote Sens. 8(1), 083628 (May 19, 2014)
- **Summary**: Synthetic aperture radar (SAR) images are widely used in target recognition tasks nowadays. In this letter, we propose an automatic approach for radar shadow detection and extraction from SAR images utilizing geometric projections along with the digital elevation model (DEM) which corresponds to the given geo-referenced SAR image. First, the DEM is rotated into the radar geometry so that each row would match that of a radar line of sight. Next, we extract the shadow regions by processing row by row until the image is covered fully. We test the proposed shadow detection approach on different DEMs and a simulated 1D signals and 2D hills and volleys modeled by various variance based Gaussian functions. Experimental results indicate the proposed algorithm produces good results in detecting shadows in SAR images with high resolution.



### A General Two-Step Approach to Learning-Based Hashing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.1853v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1309.1853v1)
- **Published**: 2013-09-07 11:33:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-09-07 11:33:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Guosheng Lin, Chunhua Shen, David Suter, Anton van den Hengel
- **Comment**: 13 pages. Appearing in Int. Conf. Computer Vision (ICCV) 2013
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Most existing approaches to hashing apply a single form of hash function, and an optimization process which is typically deeply coupled to this specific form. This tight coupling restricts the flexibility of the method to respond to the data, and can result in complex optimization problems that are difficult to solve. Here we propose a flexible yet simple framework that is able to accommodate different types of loss functions and hash functions. This framework allows a number of existing approaches to hashing to be placed in context, and simplifies the development of new problem-specific hashing methods. Our framework decomposes hashing learning problem into two steps: hash bit learning and hash function learning based on the learned bits. The first step can typically be formulated as binary quadratic problems, and the second step can be accomplished by training standard binary classifiers. Both problems have been extensively studied in the literature. Our extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed framework is effective, flexible and outperforms the state-of-the-art.



