# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-09-06
### Practical Matrix Completion and Corruption Recovery using Proximal Alternating Robust Subspace Minimization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.1539v2
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s11263-014-0746-0
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1309.1539v2)
- **Published**: 2013-09-06 05:38:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-10-28 00:17:16+00:00
- **Authors**: Yu-Xiang Wang, Choon Meng Lee, Loong-Fah Cheong, Kim-Chuan Toh
- **Comment**: Published at IJCV
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Low-rank matrix completion is a problem of immense practical importance. Recent works on the subject often use nuclear norm as a convex surrogate of the rank function. Despite its solid theoretical foundation, the convex version of the problem often fails to work satisfactorily in real-life applications. Real data often suffer from very few observations, with support not meeting the random requirements, ubiquitous presence of noise and potentially gross corruptions, sometimes with these simultaneously occurring.   This paper proposes a Proximal Alternating Robust Subspace Minimization (PARSuMi) method to tackle the three problems. The proximal alternating scheme explicitly exploits the rank constraint on the completed matrix and uses the $\ell_0$ pseudo-norm directly in the corruption recovery step. We show that the proposed method for the non-convex and non-smooth model converges to a stationary point. Although it is not guaranteed to find the global optimal solution, in practice we find that our algorithm can typically arrive at a good local minimizer when it is supplied with a reasonably good starting point based on convex optimization. Extensive experiments with challenging synthetic and real data demonstrate that our algorithm succeeds in a much larger range of practical problems where convex optimization fails, and it also outperforms various state-of-the-art algorithms.



### Topology preserving thinning for cell complexes
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.1628v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2014.2348799
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1309.1628v2)
- **Published**: 2013-09-06 13:11:48+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-02-25 13:39:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Paweł Dłotko, Ruben Specogna
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: A topology preserving skeleton is a synthetic representation of an object that retains its topology and many of its significant morphological properties. The process of obtaining the skeleton, referred to as skeletonization or thinning, is a very active research area. It plays a central role in reducing the amount of information to be processed during image analysis and visualization, computer-aided diagnosis or by pattern recognition algorithms.   This paper introduces a novel topology preserving thinning algorithm which removes \textit{simple cells}---a generalization of simple points---of a given cell complex. The test for simple cells is based on \textit{acyclicity tables} automatically produced in advance with homology computations. Using acyclicity tables render the implementation of thinning algorithms straightforward. Moreover, the fact that tables are automatically filled for all possible configurations allows to rigorously prove the generality of the algorithm and to obtain fool-proof implementations. The novel approach enables, for the first time, according to our knowledge, to thin a general unstructured simplicial complex. Acyclicity tables for cubical and simplicial complexes and an open source implementation of the thinning algorithm are provided as additional material to allow their immediate use in the vast number of practical applications arising in medical imaging and beyond.



