# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-09-26
### Adopting level set theory based algorithms to segment human ear
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.7276v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijci.2013.2407
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1309.7276v1)
- **Published**: 2013-09-26 05:48:18+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-09-26 05:48:18+00:00
- **Authors**: Bijeesh T. V, Nimmi I. P
- **Comment**: 15 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Human identification has always been a topic that interested researchers around the world. Biometric methods are found to be more effective and much easier for the users than the traditional identification methods like keys, smart cards and passwords. Unlike with the traditional methods, with biometric methods the data acquisition is most of the times passive, which means the users do not take active part in data acquisition. Data acquisition can be performed using cameras, scanners or sensors. Human physiological biometrics such as face, eye and ear are good candidates for uniquely identifying an individual. However, human ear scores over face and eye because of certain advantages it has over face. The most challenging phase in human identification based on ear biometric is the segmentation of the ear image from the captured image which may contain many unwanted details. In this work, PDE based image processing techniques are used to segment out the ear image. Level Set Theory based image processing is employed to obtain the contour of the ear image. A few Level set algorithms are compared for their efficiency in segmenting test ear images.



### Online Algorithms for Factorization-Based Structure from Motion
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1309.6964v4
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1309.6964v4)
- **Published**: 2013-09-26 16:46:28+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-07-16 16:45:54+00:00
- **Authors**: Ryan Kennedy, Laura Balzano, Stephen J. Wright, Camillo J. Taylor
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present a family of online algorithms for real-time factorization-based structure from motion, leveraging a relationship between incremental singular value decomposition and recently proposed methods for online matrix completion. Our methods are orders of magnitude faster than previous state of the art, can handle missing data and a variable number of feature points, and are robust to noise and sparse outliers. We demonstrate our methods on both real and synthetic sequences and show that they perform well in both online and batch settings. We also provide an implementation which is able to produce 3D models in real time using a laptop with a webcam.



