# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-08-20
### Toward Parts-Based Scene Understanding with Pixel-Support Parts-Sparse Pictorial Structures
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1108.4079v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1108.4079v1)
- **Published**: 2011-08-20 02:08:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-08-20 02:08:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Jason J. Corso
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Scene understanding remains a significant challenge in the computer vision community. The visual psychophysics literature has demonstrated the importance of interdependence among parts of the scene. Yet, the majority of methods in computer vision remain local. Pictorial structures have arisen as a fundamental parts-based model for some vision problems, such as articulated object detection. However, the form of classical pictorial structures limits their applicability for global problems, such as semantic pixel labeling. In this paper, we propose an extension of the pictorial structures approach, called pixel-support parts-sparse pictorial structures, or PS3, to overcome this limitation. Our model extends the classical form in two ways: first, it defines parts directly based on pixel-support rather than in a parametric form, and second, it specifies a space of plausible parts-based scene models and permits one to be used for inference on any given image. PS3 makes strides toward unifying object-level and pixel-level modeling of scene elements. In this report, we implement the first half of our model and rely upon external knowledge to provide an initial graph structure for a given image. Our experimental results on benchmark datasets demonstrate the capability of this new parts-based view of scene modeling.



### Multisensor Images Fusion Based on Feature-Level
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1108.4098v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1108.4098v1)
- **Published**: 2011-08-20 07:43:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-08-20 07:43:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Firouz Abdullah Al-Wassai, N. V. Kalyankar, Ali A. Al-Zaky
- **Comment**: Keywords: Image fusion, Feature, Edge Fusion, Segment Fusion, IHS,
  PCA
- **Journal**: International Journal of Latest Technology in
  Engineering,Management & Applied Science (IJLTEMAS),Vol. I, Issue V, 2012,
  124-138
- **Summary**: Until now, of highest relevance for remote sensing data processing and analysis have been techniques for pixel level image fusion. So, This paper attempts to undertake the study of Feature-Level based image fusion. For this purpose, feature based fusion techniques, which are usually based on empirical or heuristic rules, are employed. Hence, in this paper we consider feature extraction (FE) for fusion. It aims at finding a transformation of the original space that would produce such new features, which preserve or improve as much as possible. This study introduces three different types of Image fusion techniques including Principal Component Analysis based Feature Fusion (PCA), Segment Fusion (SF) and Edge fusion (EF). This paper also devotes to concentrate on the analytical techniques for evaluating the quality of image fusion (F) by using various methods including (SD), (En), (CC), (SNR), (NRMSE) and (DI) to estimate the quality and degree of information improvement of a fused image quantitatively.



