# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-08-31
### Biometric Authorization System using Gait Biometry
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1108.6294v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijcsea.2011.1401
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1108.6294v1)
- **Published**: 2011-08-31 17:22:51+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-08-31 17:22:51+00:00
- **Authors**: L. R Sudha, Dr. R Bhavani
- **Comment**: 12 pages, 4 figures, 6 tables; International Journal of Computer
  Science, Engineering and Applications (IJCSEA) Vol.1, No.4, August 2011
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Human gait, which is a new biometric aimed to recognize individuals by the way they walk have come to play an increasingly important role in visual surveillance applications. In this paper a novel hybrid holistic approach is proposed to show how behavioural walking characteristics can be used to recognize unauthorized and suspicious persons when they enter a surveillance area. Initially background is modelled from the input video captured from cameras deployed for security and the foreground moving object in the individual frames are segmented using the background subtraction algorithm. Then gait representing spatial, temporal and wavelet components are extracted and fused for training and testing multi class support vector machine models (SVM). The proposed system is evaluated using side view videos of NLPR database. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed system achieves a pleasing recognition rate and also the results indicate that the classification ability of SVM with Radial Basis Function (RBF) is better than with other kernel functions.



### Anisotropic k-Nearest Neighbor Search Using Covariance Quadtree
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1108.6304v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CG, cs.DS, I.4.5; I.4.6; I.4.7; H.3.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1108.6304v1)
- **Published**: 2011-08-31 17:57:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-08-31 17:57:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Eraldo Pereira Marinho, Carmen Maria Andreazza
- **Comment**: Work presented at the Minisymposia of Computational Geometry in the
  joint events IX Argentinian Congress on Computational Mechanics, XXXI
  Iberian-Latin-American Congress on Computational Methods in Engineering, II
  South American Congress on Computational Mechanics, held in Buenos Aires in
  15-18 November 2010; Mec\'anica Computacional (Computational Mechanics) Vol.
  XXIX, 2010, ISSN 1666-6070
- **Journal**: 2010, Mec\'anica Computacional, Volume XXIX. Number 60.
  Computational Geometry (A), pp 6045-6064
- **Summary**: We present a variant of the hyper-quadtree that divides a multidimensional space according to the hyperplanes associated to the principal components of the data in each hyperquadrant. Each of the $2^\lambda$ hyper-quadrants is a data partition in a $\lambda$-dimension subspace, whose intrinsic dimensionality $\lambda\leq d$ is reduced from the root dimensionality $d$ by the principal components analysis, which discards the irrelevant eigenvalues of the local covariance matrix. In the present method a component is irrelevant if its length is smaller than, or comparable to, the local inter-data spacing. Thus, the covariance hyper-quadtree is fully adaptive to the local dimensionality. The proposed data-structure is used to compute the anisotropic K nearest neighbors (kNN), supported by the Mahalanobis metric. As an application, we used the present k nearest neighbors method to perform density estimation over a noisy data distribution. Such estimation method can be further incorporated to the smoothed particle hydrodynamics, allowing computer simulations of anisotropic fluid flows.



