# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-08-13
### Vessel Segmentation in Medical Imaging Using a Tight-Frame Based Algorithm
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.0217v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **math.NA**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1109.0217v1)
- **Published**: 2011-08-13 16:24:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-08-13 16:24:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Xiaohao Cai, Raymond Chan, Serena Morigi, Fiorella Sgallari
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Tight-frame, a generalization of orthogonal wavelets, has been used successfully in various problems in image processing, including inpainting, impulse noise removal, super-resolution image restoration, etc. Segmentation is the process of identifying object outlines within images. There are quite a few efficient algorithms for segmentation that depend on the variational approach and the partial differential equation (PDE) modeling.   In this paper, we propose to apply the tight-frame approach to automatically identify tube-like structures such as blood vessels in Magnetic Resonance Angiography (MRA) images. Our method iteratively refines a region that encloses the possible boundary or surface of the vessels. In each iteration, we apply the tight-frame algorithm to denoise and smooth the possible boundary and sharpen the region. We prove the convergence of our algorithm. Numerical experiments on real 2D/3D MRA images demonstrate that our method is very efficient with convergence usually within a few iterations, and it outperforms existing PDE and variational methods as it can extract more tubular objects and fine details in the images.



