# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2008-02-22
### Some Aspects of Testing Process for Transport Streams in Digital Video Broadcasting
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0802.3285v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0802.3285v1)
- **Published**: 2008-02-22 10:48:44+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-02-22 10:48:44+00:00
- **Authors**: Radu Arsinte, Ciprian Ilioaei
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 3 figures, 3 tables
- **Journal**: Acta Technica Napocensis, Electronics and Telecommunications,
  nr.1/2004 pp.59-74
- **Summary**: This paper presents some aspects related to the DVB (Digital Video Broadcasting) investigation. The basic aspects of DVB are presented, with an emphasis on DVB-T version of standard. The main purpose of this research is to analyze the way that the transmission of the transport streams is realized in case of the Terrestrial Digital Video Broadcasting (DVB-T). To accomplish this, first, Digital Video Broadcasting standard is presented, and then the main aspects of DVB testing and analysis of the transport streams are investigated. The paper presents also the results obtained using two programs designed for DVB analysis: Mosalina and TSA.



### Implementing a Test Strategy for an Advanced Video Acquisition and Processing Architecture
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0802.3288v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0802.3288v1)
- **Published**: 2008-02-22 10:54:59+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-02-22 10:54:59+00:00
- **Authors**: Radu Arsinte
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 17 figures
- **Journal**: Acta Technica Napocensis, Electronics and Telecommunications,
  nr.2/2005 pp.15-20
- **Summary**: This paper presents some aspects related to test process of an advanced video system used in remote IP surveillance. The system is based on a Pentium compatible architecture using the industrial standard PC104+. First the overall architecture of the system is presented, involving both hardware or software aspects. The acquisition board which is developed in a special, nonstandard architecture, is also briefly presented. The main purpose of this research was to set a coherent set of procedures in order to test all the aspects of the video acquisition board. To accomplish this, it was necessary to set-up a procedure in two steps: stand alone video board test (functional test) and an in-system test procedure verifying the compatibility with both OS: Linux and Windows. The paper presents also the results obtained using this procedure.



