# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2008-02-18
### Multiclass Approaches for Support Vector Machine Based Land Cover Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0802.2411v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.NE**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0802.2411v1)
- **Published**: 2008-02-18 03:47:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-02-18 03:47:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Mahesh Pal
- **Comment**: 16 pages, MapIndia 2005 conference
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: SVMs were initially developed to perform binary classification; though, applications of binary classification are very limited. Most of the practical applications involve multiclass classification, especially in remote sensing land cover classification. A number of methods have been proposed to implement SVMs to produce multiclass classification. A number of methods to generate multiclass SVMs from binary SVMs have been proposed by researchers and is still a continuing research topic. This paper compares the performance of six multi-class approaches to solve classification problem with remote sensing data in term of classification accuracy and computational cost. One vs. one, one vs. rest, Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG), and Error Corrected Output Coding (ECOC) based multiclass approaches creates many binary classifiers and combines their results to determine the class label of a test pixel. Another catogery of multi class approach modify the binary class objective function and allows simultaneous computation of multiclass classification by solving a single optimisation problem. Results from this study conclude the usefulness of One vs. One multi class approach in term of accuracy and computational cost over other multi class approaches.



