# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2008-10-24
### Efficient Exact Inference in Planar Ising Models
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0810.4401v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0810.4401v2)
- **Published**: 2008-10-24 08:49:09+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-12-17 06:47:01+00:00
- **Authors**: Nicol N. Schraudolph, Dmitry Kamenetsky
- **Comment**: Fixed a number of bugs in v1; added 10 pages of additional figures,
  explanations, proofs, and experiments
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We give polynomial-time algorithms for the exact computation of lowest-energy (ground) states, worst margin violators, log partition functions, and marginal edge probabilities in certain binary undirected graphical models. Our approach provides an interesting alternative to the well-known graph cut paradigm in that it does not impose any submodularity constraints; instead we require planarity to establish a correspondence with perfect matchings (dimer coverings) in an expanded dual graph. We implement a unified framework while delegating complex but well-understood subproblems (planar embedding, maximum-weight perfect matching) to established algorithms for which efficient implementations are freely available. Unlike graph cut methods, we can perform penalized maximum-likelihood as well as maximum-margin parameter estimation in the associated conditional random fields (CRFs), and employ marginal posterior probabilities as well as maximum a posteriori (MAP) states for prediction. Maximum-margin CRF parameter estimation on image denoising and segmentation problems shows our approach to be efficient and effective. A C++ implementation is available from http://nic.schraudolph.org/isinf/



### Camera distortion self-calibration using the plumb-line constraint and minimal Hough entropy
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0810.4426v2
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s00138-009-0196-9
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0810.4426v2)
- **Published**: 2008-10-24 10:50:59+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-01-04 11:49:44+00:00
- **Authors**: Edward Rosten, Rohan Loveland
- **Comment**: 9 pages, 5 figures Corrected errors in equation 18
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper we present a simple and robust method for self-correction of camera distortion using single images of scenes which contain straight lines. Since the most common distortion can be modelled as radial distortion, we illustrate the method using the Harris radial distortion model, but the method is applicable to any distortion model. The method is based on transforming the edgels of the distorted image to a 1-D angular Hough space, and optimizing the distortion correction parameters which minimize the entropy of the corresponding normalized histogram. Properly corrected imagery will have fewer curved lines, and therefore less spread in Hough space. Since the method does not rely on any image structure beyond the existence of edgels sharing some common orientations and does not use edge fitting, it is applicable to a wide variety of image types. For instance, it can be applied equally well to images of texture with weak but dominant orientations, or images with strong vanishing points. Finally, the method is performed on both synthetic and real data revealing that it is particularly robust to noise.



