# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-08-21
### Flow Fields: Dense Correspondence Fields for Highly Accurate Large Displacement Optical Flow Estimation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1508.05151v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.8
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1508.05151v2)
- **Published**: 2015-08-21 00:03:31+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-10-20 13:47:15+00:00
- **Authors**: Christian Bailer, Bertram Taetz, Didier Stricker
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Modern large displacement optical flow algorithms usually use an initialization by either sparse descriptor matching techniques or dense approximate nearest neighbor fields. While the latter have the advantage of being dense, they have the major disadvantage of being very outlier prone as they are not designed to find the optical flow, but the visually most similar correspondence. In this paper we present a dense correspondence field approach that is much less outlier prone and thus much better suited for optical flow estimation than approximate nearest neighbor fields. Our approach is conceptually novel as it does not require explicit regularization, smoothing (like median filtering) or a new data term, but solely our novel purely data based search strategy that finds most inliers (even for small objects), while it effectively avoids finding outliers. Moreover, we present novel enhancements for outlier filtering. We show that our approach is better suited for large displacement optical flow estimation than state-of-the-art descriptor matching techniques. We do so by initializing EpicFlow (so far the best method on MPI-Sintel) with our Flow Fields instead of their originally used state-of-the-art descriptor matching technique. We significantly outperform the original EpicFlow on MPI-Sintel, KITTI and Middlebury.



### Exemplar Based Deep Discriminative and Shareable Feature Learning for Scene Image Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1508.05306v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1508.05306v1)
- **Published**: 2015-08-21 15:16:18+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-08-21 15:16:18+00:00
- **Authors**: Zhen Zuo, Gang Wang, Bing Shuai, Lifan Zhao, Qingxiong Yang
- **Comment**: Pattern Recognition, Elsevier, 2015
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In order to encode the class correlation and class specific information in image representation, we propose a new local feature learning approach named Deep Discriminative and Shareable Feature Learning (DDSFL). DDSFL aims to hierarchically learn feature transformation filter banks to transform raw pixel image patches to features. The learned filter banks are expected to: (1) encode common visual patterns of a flexible number of categories; (2) encode discriminative information; and (3) hierarchically extract patterns at different visual levels. Particularly, in each single layer of DDSFL, shareable filters are jointly learned for classes which share the similar patterns. Discriminative power of the filters is achieved by enforcing the features from the same category to be close, while features from different categories to be far away from each other. Furthermore, we also propose two exemplar selection methods to iteratively select training data for more efficient and effective learning. Based on the experimental results, DDSFL can achieve very promising performance, and it also shows great complementary effect to the state-of-the-art Caffe features.



