# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-08-29
### Mixed Gaussian-Impulse Noise Removal from Highly Corrupted Images via Adaptive Local and Nonlocal Statistical Priors
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1508.07415v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, 62F15
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1508.07415v2)
- **Published**: 2015-08-29 08:08:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-12-27 08:03:10+00:00
- **Authors**: Nasser Eslahi, Hami Mahdavinataj, Ali Aghagolzadeh
- **Comment**: 11 Pages, 7 Figures, 2 Tables, In Proceeding of 9th Iranian Conf.
  Machine Vis. Image Process
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The motivation of this paper is to introduce a novel framework for the restoration of images corrupted by mixed Gaussian-impulse noise. To this aim, first, an adaptive curvelet thresholding criterion is proposed which tries to adaptively remove the perturbations appeared during denoising process. Then, a new statistical regularization term, called joint adaptive statistical prior (JASP), is established which enforces both the local and nonlocal statistical consistencies, simultaneously, in a unified manner. Furthermore, a novel technique for mixed Gaussian plus impulse noise removal using JASP in a variational scheme is developed--we refer to it as De-JASP. To efficiently solve the above variational scheme, an efficient alternating minimization algorithm based on split Bregman iterative framework is developed. Extensive experimental results manifest the effectiveness of the proposed method comparing with the current state-of-the-art methods in mixed Gaussian-impulse noise removal.



### Image Annotation Incorporating Low-Rankness, Tag and Visual Correlation and Inhomogeneous Errors
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1508.07468v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1508.07468v3)
- **Published**: 2015-08-29 15:47:20+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-08-08 02:15:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Yuqing Hou
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author to update more
  experiments and some errors in the algorithm
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Tag-based image retrieval (TBIR) has drawn much attention in recent years due to the explosive amount of digital images and crowdsourcing tags. However, TBIR is still suffering from the incomplete and inaccurate tags provided by users, posing a great challenge for tag-based image management applications. In this work, we proposed a novel method for image annotation, incorporating several priors: Low-Rankness, Tag and Visual Correlation and Inhomogeneous Errors. Highly representative CNN feature vectors are adopt to model the tag-visual correlation and narrow the semantic gap. And we extract word vectors for tags to measure similarity between tags in the semantic level, which is more accurate than traditional frequency-based or graph-based methods. We utilize the accelerated proximal gradient (APG) method to solve our model efficiently. Extensive experiments conducted on multiple benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed method.



