# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-08-23
### Light Efficient Flutter Shutter
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1509.01220v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.GR**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1509.01220v1)
- **Published**: 2015-08-23 00:37:47+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-08-23 00:37:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Moshe Ben-Ezra
- **Comment**: This documnet and the code listing in it are submitted under the
  permissive MIT License in hope it will be useful. In case anyone is
  interesting in 2012 date confirmation - the documnet was notarized at MIT on
  5 Dec 2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Flutter shutter is a technique in which the exposure is chopped into segments and light is only integrated part of the time. By carefully selecting the chopping sequence it is possible to better condition the data for reconstruction problems such as motion deblurring, focal sweeping, and compressed sensing. The partial exposure trades better conditioning for less energy. In problems such as motion deblurring the available energy is what caused the problem in the first place (as strong illumination allows short exposure thus eliminates motion blur). It is still beneficial because the benefit from the better conditioning outweighs the cost in energy.   This documents is focused on light efficient flutter shutter that provides better conditioning and better energy utilization than conventional flutter shutter.



### Learning Sampling Distributions for Efficient Object Detection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1508.05581v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TCYB.2015.2508603
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1508.05581v2)
- **Published**: 2015-08-23 09:17:49+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-11-02 12:52:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Yanwei Pang, Jiale Cao, Xuelong Li
- **Comment**: 14 pages, 13 figures
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Cybernetics (2016)
- **Summary**: Object detection is an important task in computer vision and learning systems. Multistage particle windows (MPW), proposed by Gualdi et al., is an algorithm of fast and accurate object detection. By sampling particle windows from a proposal distribution (PD), MPW avoids exhaustively scanning the image. Despite its success, it is unknown how to determine the number of stages and the number of particle windows in each stage. Moreover, it has to generate too many particle windows in the initialization step and it redraws unnecessary too many particle windows around object-like regions. In this paper, we attempt to solve the problems of MPW. An important fact we used is that there is large probability for a randomly generated particle window not to contain the object because the object is a sparse event relevant to the huge number of candidate windows. Therefore, we design the proposal distribution so as to efficiently reject the huge number of non-object windows. Specifically, we propose the concepts of rejection, acceptance, and ambiguity windows and regions. This contrasts to MPW which utilizes only on region of support. The PD of MPW is acceptance-oriented whereas the PD of our method (called iPW) is rejection-oriented. Experimental results on human and face detection demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of the iPW algorithm. The source code is publicly accessible.



