# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-08-13
### Borobudur was Built Algorithmically
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1508.03649v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CY**, cs.CV, cs.GR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1508.03649v1)
- **Published**: 2015-08-13 04:08:27+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-08-13 04:08:27+00:00
- **Authors**: Hokky Situngkir
- **Comment**: 9 pages, 6 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The self-similarity of Indonesian Borobudur Temple is observed through the dimensionality of stupa that is hypothetically closely related to whole architectural body. Fractal dimension is calculated by using the cube counting method and found that the dimension is 2.325, which is laid between the two-dimensional plane and three dimensional space. The applied fractal geometry and self-similarity of the building is emerged as the building process implement the metric rules, since there is no universal metric standard known in ancient traditional Javanese culture thus the architecture is not based on final master plan. The paper also proposes how the hypothetical algorithmic architecture might be applied computationally in order to see some experimental generations of similar building. The paper ends with some conjectures for further challenge and insights related to fractal geometry in Javanese traditional cultural heritages.



### A New Approach to an Old Problem: The Reconstruction of a Go Game through a Series of Photographs
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1508.03269v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.2.10; I.4.8; I.5.5
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1508.03269v2)
- **Published**: 2015-08-13 17:01:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2018-04-20 17:56:19+00:00
- **Authors**: Mario Corsolini, Andrea Carta
- **Comment**: 13 pages, 18 figures, datasets available from
  http://www.oipaz.net/VideoKifu.html - added references in section 1, updated
  addresses, added indication that both authors contributed equally
- **Journal**: "Proceedings of the Second International Go Game Science
  Conference", Liberec, Czech Republic, 2015/07/30. ISBN 978-80-7378-299-3
- **Summary**: Given a series of photographs taken during a Go game, we describe the techniques we successfully employ for pinpointing the grid lines of the Go board and for tracking their small movements between consecutive photographs; then we discuss how to approximate the location and orientation of the observer's point of view, in order to compensate for projection effects. Finally we describe the different criteria that jointly form the algorithm for stones' detection, thus enabling us to automatically reconstruct the whole move sequence.



### Talking about the Moving Image: A Declarative Model for Image Schema Based Embodied Perception Grounding and Language Generation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1508.03276v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.AI**, cs.CL, cs.CV, cs.HC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1508.03276v1)
- **Published**: 2015-08-13 17:34:07+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-08-13 17:34:07+00:00
- **Authors**: Jakob Suchan, Mehul Bhatt, Harshita Jhavar
- **Comment**: 19 pages. Unpublished report
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present a general theory and corresponding declarative model for the embodied grounding and natural language based analytical summarisation of dynamic visuo-spatial imagery. The declarative model ---ecompassing spatio-linguistic abstractions, image schemas, and a spatio-temporal feature based language generator--- is modularly implemented within Constraint Logic Programming (CLP). The implemented model is such that primitives of the theory, e.g., pertaining to space and motion, image schemata, are available as first-class objects with `deep semantics' suited for inference and query. We demonstrate the model with select examples broadly motivated by areas such as film, design, geography, smart environments where analytical natural language based externalisations of the moving image are central from the viewpoint of human interaction, evidence-based qualitative analysis, and sensemaking.   Keywords: moving image, visual semantics and embodiment, visuo-spatial cognition and computation, cognitive vision, computational models of narrative, declarative spatial reasoning



