# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-08-30
### Spherical Conformal Parameterization of Genus-0 Point Clouds for Meshing
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1508.07569v3
- **DOI**: 10.1137/15M1037561
- **Categories**: **cs.CG**, cs.CV, cs.GR, math.DG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1508.07569v3)
- **Published**: 2015-08-30 13:42:43+00:00
- **Updated**: 2016-03-16 08:47:28+00:00
- **Authors**: Gary Pui-Tung Choi, Kin Tat Ho, Lok Ming Lui
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: SIAM Journal on Imaging Sciences 9, 1582-1618 (2016)
- **Summary**: Point cloud is the most fundamental representation of 3D geometric objects. Analyzing and processing point cloud surfaces is important in computer graphics and computer vision. However, most of the existing algorithms for surface analysis require connectivity information. Therefore, it is desirable to develop a mesh structure on point clouds. This task can be simplified with the aid of a parameterization. In particular, conformal parameterizations are advantageous in preserving the geometric information of the point cloud data. In this paper, we extend a state-of-the-art spherical conformal parameterization algorithm for genus-0 closed meshes to the case of point clouds, using an improved approximation of the Laplace-Beltrami operator on data points. Then, we propose an iterative scheme called the North-South reiteration for achieving a spherical conformal parameterization. A balancing scheme is introduced to enhance the distribution of the spherical parameterization. High quality triangulations and quadrangulations can then be built on the point clouds with the aid of the parameterizations. Also, the meshes generated are guaranteed to be genus-0 closed meshes. Moreover, using our proposed spherical conformal parameterization, multilevel representations of point clouds can be easily constructed. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed framework.



### Love Thy Neighbors: Image Annotation by Exploiting Image Metadata
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1508.07647v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1508.07647v2)
- **Published**: 2015-08-30 23:34:13+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-09-22 00:12:06+00:00
- **Authors**: Justin Johnson, Lamberto Ballan, Fei-Fei Li
- **Comment**: Accepted to ICCV 2015
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Some images that are difficult to recognize on their own may become more clear in the context of a neighborhood of related images with similar social-network metadata. We build on this intuition to improve multilabel image annotation. Our model uses image metadata nonparametrically to generate neighborhoods of related images using Jaccard similarities, then uses a deep neural network to blend visual information from the image and its neighbors. Prior work typically models image metadata parametrically, in contrast, our nonparametric treatment allows our model to perform well even when the vocabulary of metadata changes between training and testing. We perform comprehensive experiments on the NUS-WIDE dataset, where we show that our model outperforms state-of-the-art methods for multilabel image annotation even when our model is forced to generalize to new types of metadata.



