# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-08-03
### Fully automatic extraction of salient objects from videos in near real-time
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1008.0502v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.GR, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1008.0502v2)
- **Published**: 2010-08-03 10:00:07+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-08-13 02:27:15+00:00
- **Authors**: Akamine Kazuma, Ken Fukuchi, Akisato Kimura, Shigeru Takagi
- **Comment**: submitted to Special Issue on High Performance Computation on
  Hardware Accelerators, the Computer Journal
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Automatic video segmentation plays an important role in a wide range of computer vision and image processing applications. Recently, various methods have been proposed for this purpose. The problem is that most of these methods are far from real-time processing even for low-resolution videos due to the complex procedures. To this end, we propose a new and quite fast method for automatic video segmentation with the help of 1) efficient optimization of Markov random fields with polynomial time of number of pixels by introducing graph cuts, 2) automatic, computationally efficient but stable derivation of segmentation priors using visual saliency and sequential update mechanism, and 3) an implementation strategy in the principle of stream processing with graphics processor units (GPUs). Test results indicates that our method extracts appropriate regions from videos as precisely as and much faster than previous semi-automatic methods even though any supervisions have not been incorporated.



### Image sequence interpolation using optimal control
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1008.0548v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.AP, math.OC, 49J20, 68U10, 65D18
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1008.0548v1)
- **Published**: 2010-08-03 13:37:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-08-03 13:37:22+00:00
- **Authors**: Kanglin Chen, Dirk A. Lorenz
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The problem of the generation of an intermediate image between two given images in an image sequence is considered. The problem is formulated as an optimal control problem governed by a transport equation. This approach bears similarities with the Horn \& Schunck method for optical flow calculation but in fact the model is quite different. The images are modelled in $BV$ and an analysis of solutions of transport equations with values in $BV$ is included. Moreover, the existence of optimal controls is proven and necessary conditions are derived. Finally, two algorithms are given and numerical results are compared with existing methods. The new method is competitive with state-of-the-art methods and even outperforms several existing methods.



