# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-08-31
### Penalty Decomposition Methods for $L0$-Norm Minimization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1008.5372v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **math.OC**, cs.CV, cs.IT, cs.LG, cs.NA, math.IT, stat.ME
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1008.5372v2)
- **Published**: 2010-08-31 17:24:31+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-05-11 17:12:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Zhaosong Lu, Yong Zhang
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author because an updated
  version has been resubmitted
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In this paper we consider general l0-norm minimization problems, that is, the problems with l0-norm appearing in either objective function or constraint. In particular, we first reformulate the l0-norm constrained problem as an equivalent rank minimization problem and then apply the penalty decomposition (PD) method proposed in [33] to solve the latter problem. By utilizing the special structures, we then transform all matrix operations of this method to vector operations and obtain a PD method that only involves vector operations. Under some suitable assumptions, we establish that any accumulation point of the sequence generated by the PD method satisfies a first-order optimality condition that is generally stronger than one natural optimality condition. We further extend the PD method to solve the problem with the l0-norm appearing in objective function. Finally, we test the performance of our PD methods by applying them to compressed sensing, sparse logistic regression and sparse inverse covariance selection. The computational results demonstrate that our methods generally outperform the existing methods in terms of solution quality and/or speed.



### Variational Iteration Method for Image Restoration
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1009.0051v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **math.NA**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1009.0051v2)
- **Published**: 2010-08-31 23:15:26+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-09-02 05:56:26+00:00
- **Authors**: Keyvan Yahya, Jafar Biazar, Hossein Azari, Pouyan Rafiei Fard
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The famous Perona-Malik (P-M) equation which was at first introduced for image restoration has been solved via various numerical methods. In this paper we will solve it for the first time via applying a new numerical method called the Variational Iteration Method (VIM) and the correspondent approximated solutions will be obtained for the P-M equation with regards to relevant error analysis. Through implementation of our algorithm we will access some effective results which are deserved to be considered as worthy as the other solutions issued by the other methods.



