# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2010-08-23
### Optimally Training a Cascade Classifier
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1008.3742v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1008.3742v1)
- **Published**: 2010-08-23 03:06:34+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-08-23 03:06:34+00:00
- **Authors**: Chunhua Shen, Peng Wang, Anton van den Hengel
- **Comment**: 16 pages
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Cascade classifiers are widely used in real-time object detection. Different from conventional classifiers that are designed for a low overall classification error rate, a classifier in each node of the cascade is required to achieve an extremely high detection rate and moderate false positive rate. Although there are a few reported methods addressing this requirement in the context of object detection, there is no a principled feature selection method that explicitly takes into account this asymmetric node learning objective. We provide such an algorithm here. We show a special case of the biased minimax probability machine has the same formulation as the linear asymmetric classifier (LAC) of \cite{wu2005linear}. We then design a new boosting algorithm that directly optimizes the cost function of LAC. The resulting totally-corrective boosting algorithm is implemented by the column generation technique in convex optimization. Experimental results on object detection verify the effectiveness of the proposed boosting algorithm as a node classifier in cascade object detection, and show performance better than that of the current state-of-the-art.



### Proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) allows the automatic identification of follicles in microscopic images of human ovarian tissue
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1008.3798v1
- **DOI**: 10.2147/PLMI.S11116
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1008.3798v1)
- **Published**: 2010-08-23 11:37:43+00:00
- **Updated**: 2010-08-23 11:37:43+00:00
- **Authors**: Thomas W Kelsey, Benedicta Caserta, Luis Castillo, W Hamish B Wallace, Francisco Cóppola Gonzálvez
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: Pathology and Laboratory Medicine International 2010:2; 99-105
- **Summary**: Human ovarian reserve is defined by the population of nongrowing follicles (NGFs) in the ovary. Direct estimation of ovarian reserve involves the identification of NGFs in prepared ovarian tissue. Previous studies involving human tissue have used hematoxylin and eosin (HE) stain, with NGF populations estimated by human examination either of tissue under a microscope, or of images taken of this tissue. In this study we replaced HE with proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), and automated the identification and enumeration of NGFs that appear in the resulting microscopic images. We compared the automated estimates to those obtained by human experts, with the "gold standard" taken to be the average of the conservative and liberal estimates by three human experts. The automated estimates were within 10% of the "gold standard", for images at both 100x and 200x magnifications. Automated analysis took longer than human analysis for several hundred images, not allowing for breaks from analysis needed by humans. Our results both replicate and improve on those of previous studies involving rodent ovaries, and demonstrate the viability of large-scale studies of human ovarian reserve using a combination of immunohistochemistry and computational image analysis techniques.



