# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-08-23
### Automatic Segmentation of Fluorescence Lifetime Microscopy Images of Cells Using Multi-Resolution Community Detection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.4662v2
- **DOI**: 10.1111/jmi.12097
- **Categories**: **physics.med-ph**, cond-mat.stat-mech, cs.CV, physics.data-an
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.4662v2)
- **Published**: 2012-08-23 02:56:32+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-05-08 01:40:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Dandan Hu, Pinaki Sarder, Peter Ronhovde, Sandra Orthaus, Samuel Achilefu, Zohar Nussinov
- **Comment**: 21 pages, 6 figures
- **Journal**: Journal of Microscopy Volume 253, Issue 1, pages 54 - 64, 2014
- **Summary**: We have developed an automatic method for segmenting fluorescence lifetime (FLT) imaging microscopy (FLIM) images of cells inspired by a multi-resolution community detection (MCD) based network segmentation method. The image processing problem is framed as identifying segments with respective average FLTs against a background in FLIM images. The proposed method segments a FLIM image for a given resolution of the network composed using image pixels as the nodes and similarity between the pixels as the edges. In the resulting segmentation, low network resolution leads to larger segments and high network resolution leads to smaller segments. Further, the mean-square error (MSE) in estimating the FLT segments in a FLIM image using the proposed method was found to be consistently decreasing with increasing resolution of the corresponding network. The proposed MCD method outperformed a popular spectral clustering based method in performing FLIM image segmentation. The spectral segmentation method introduced noisy segments in its output at high resolution. It was unable to offer a consistent decrease in MSE with increasing resolution.



### The Segmentation Fusion Method On10 Multi-Sensors
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.4842v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.4842v1)
- **Published**: 2012-08-23 14:55:30+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-23 14:55:30+00:00
- **Authors**: Firouz Abdullah Al-Wassai, N. V. Kalyankar
- **Comment**: http://www.ijltemas.in/new-icae-2012-?df=1&t=1345561079771
- **Journal**: International Journal of Latest Technology in
  Engineering,Management & Applied Science (IJLTEMAS),Vol. I, Issue V, 2012,
  124-138
- **Summary**: The most significant problem may be undesirable effects for the spectral signatures of fused images as well as the benefits of using fused images mostly compared to their source images were acquired at the same time by one sensor. They may or may not be suitable for the fusion of other images. It becomes therefore increasingly important to investigate techniques that allow multi-sensor, multi-date image fusion to make final conclusions can be drawn on the most suitable method of fusion. So, In this study we present a new method Segmentation Fusion method (SF) for remotely sensed images is presented by considering the physical characteristics of sensors, which uses a feature level processing paradigm. In a particularly, attempts to test the proposed method performance on 10 multi-sensor images and comparing it with different fusion techniques for estimating the quality and degree of information improvement quantitatively by using various spatial and spectral metrics.



