# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-08-17
### An Evaluation of Popular Copy-Move Forgery Detection Approaches
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.3665v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIFS.2012.2218597
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4.9
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.3665v2)
- **Published**: 2012-08-17 19:41:23+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-11-26 20:53:51+00:00
- **Authors**: Vincent Christlein, Christian Riess, Johannes Jordan, Corinna Riess, Elli Angelopoulou
- **Comment**: Main paper: 14 pages, supplemental material: 12 pages, main paper
  appeared in IEEE Transaction on Information Forensics and Security
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security, volume 7,
  number 6, 2012, pp. 1841-1854
- **Summary**: A copy-move forgery is created by copying and pasting content within the same image, and potentially post-processing it. In recent years, the detection of copy-move forgeries has become one of the most actively researched topics in blind image forensics. A considerable number of different algorithms have been proposed focusing on different types of postprocessed copies. In this paper, we aim to answer which copy-move forgery detection algorithms and processing steps (e.g., matching, filtering, outlier detection, affine transformation estimation) perform best in various postprocessing scenarios. The focus of our analysis is to evaluate the performance of previously proposed feature sets. We achieve this by casting existing algorithms in a common pipeline. In this paper, we examined the 15 most prominent feature sets. We analyzed the detection performance on a per-image basis and on a per-pixel basis. We created a challenging real-world copy-move dataset, and a software framework for systematic image manipulation. Experiments show, that the keypoint-based features SIFT and SURF, as well as the block-based DCT, DWT, KPCA, PCA and Zernike features perform very well. These feature sets exhibit the best robustness against various noise sources and downsampling, while reliably identifying the copied regions.



### Information-theoretic Dictionary Learning for Image Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.3687v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.IT, math.IT, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.3687v1)
- **Published**: 2012-08-17 20:38:56+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-17 20:38:56+00:00
- **Authors**: Qiang Qiu, Vishal M. Patel, Rama Chellappa
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We present a two-stage approach for learning dictionaries for object classification tasks based on the principle of information maximization. The proposed method seeks a dictionary that is compact, discriminative, and generative. In the first stage, dictionary atoms are selected from an initial dictionary by maximizing the mutual information measure on dictionary compactness, discrimination and reconstruction. In the second stage, the selected dictionary atoms are updated for improved reconstructive and discriminative power using a simple gradient ascent algorithm on mutual information. Experiments using real datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach for image classification tasks.



