# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-08-10
### A study on non-destructive method for detecting Toxin in pepper using Neural networks
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.2092v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijaia.2012.3414
- **Categories**: **cs.NE**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.2092v1)
- **Published**: 2012-08-10 05:50:04+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-10 05:50:04+00:00
- **Authors**: M. Rajalakshmi, P. Subashini
- **Comment**: 11 pages,1 figure; International Journal of Artificial Intelligence &
  Applications (IJAIA), Vol.3, No.4, July 2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Mycotoxin contamination in certain agricultural systems have been a serious concern for human and animal health. Mycotoxins are toxic substances produced mostly as secondary metabolites by fungi that grow on seeds and feed in the field, or in storage. The food-borne Mycotoxins likely to be of greatest significance for human health in tropical developing countries are Aflatoxins and Fumonisins. Chili pepper is also prone to Aflatoxin contamination during harvesting, production and storage periods.Various methods used for detection of Mycotoxins give accurate results, but they are slow, expensive and destructive. Destructive method is testing a material that degrades the sample under investigation. Whereas, non-destructive testing will, after testing, allow the part to be used for its intended purpose. Ultrasonic methods, Multispectral image processing methods, Terahertz methods, X-ray and Thermography have been very popular in nondestructive testing and characterization of materials and health monitoring. Image processing methods are used to improve the visual quality of the pictures and to extract useful information from them. In this proposed work, the chili pepper samples will be collected, and the X-ray, multispectral images of the samples will be processed using image processing methods. The term "Computational Intelligence" referred as simulation of human intelligence on computers. It is also called as "Artificial Intelligence" (AI) approach. The techniques used in AI approach are Neural network, Fuzzy logic and evolutionary computation. Finally, the computational intelligence method will be used in addition to image processing to provide best, high performance and accurate results for detecting the Mycotoxin level in the samples collected.



### Brain tumor MRI image classification with feature selection and extraction using linear discriminant analysis
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.2128v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.2128v1)
- **Published**: 2012-08-10 09:33:37+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-10 09:33:37+00:00
- **Authors**: V. P. Gladis Pushpa Rathi, S. Palani
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Feature extraction is a method of capturing visual content of an image. The feature extraction is the process to represent raw image in its reduced form to facilitate decision making such as pattern classification. We have tried to address the problem of classification MRI brain images by creating a robust and more accurate classifier which can act as an expert assistant to medical practitioners. The objective of this paper is to present a novel method of feature selection and extraction. This approach combines the Intensity, Texture, shape based features and classifies the tumor as white matter, Gray matter, CSF, abnormal and normal area. The experiment is performed on 140 tumor contained brain MR images from the Internet Brain Segmentation Repository. The proposed technique has been carried out over a larger database as compare to any previous work and is more robust and effective. PCA and Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA) were applied on the training sets. The Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier served as a comparison of nonlinear techniques Vs linear ones. PCA and LDA methods are used to reduce the number of features used. The feature selection using the proposed technique is more beneficial as it analyses the data according to grouping class variable and gives reduced feature set with high classification accuracy.



