# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-08-30
### Benchmarking recognition results on word image datasets
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.6137v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.7; I.7.5; I.4.6; I.4.8; I.2.10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.6137v1)
- **Published**: 2012-08-30 11:24:44+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-30 11:24:44+00:00
- **Authors**: Deepak Kumar, M N Anil Prasad, A G Ramakrishnan
- **Comment**: 16 pages, 4 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We have benchmarked the maximum obtainable recognition accuracy on various word image datasets using manual segmentation and a currently available commercial OCR. We have developed a Matlab program, with graphical user interface, for semi-automated pixel level segmentation of word images. We discuss the advantages of pixel level annotation. We have covered five databases adding up to over 3600 word images. These word images have been cropped from camera captured scene, born-digital and street view images. We recognize the segmented word image using the trial version of Nuance Omnipage OCR. We also discuss, how the degradations introduced during acquisition or inaccuracies introduced during creation of word images affect the recognition of the word present in the image. Word images for different kinds of degradations and correction for slant and curvy nature of words are also discussed. The word recognition rates obtained on ICDAR 2003, Sign evaluation, Street view, Born-digital and ICDAR 2011 datasets are 83.9%, 89.3%, 79.6%, 88.5% and 86.7% respectively.



### Comparative Study and Optimization of Feature-Extraction Techniques for Content based Image Retrieval
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.6335v2
- **DOI**: 10.5120/8320-1959
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.AI, cs.IR, cs.LG, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.6335v2)
- **Published**: 2012-08-30 23:50:06+00:00
- **Updated**: 2020-07-09 01:34:05+00:00
- **Authors**: Aman Chadha, Sushmit Mallik, Ravdeep Johar
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 16 figures, 11 tables
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Applications 52(20):35-42, 2012
- **Summary**: The aim of a Content-Based Image Retrieval (CBIR) system, also known as Query by Image Content (QBIC), is to help users to retrieve relevant images based on their contents. CBIR technologies provide a method to find images in large databases by using unique descriptors from a trained image. The image descriptors include texture, color, intensity and shape of the object inside an image. Several feature-extraction techniques viz., Average RGB, Color Moments, Co-occurrence, Local Color Histogram, Global Color Histogram and Geometric Moment have been critically compared in this paper. However, individually these techniques result in poor performance. So, combinations of these techniques have also been evaluated and results for the most efficient combination of techniques have been presented and optimized for each class of image query. We also propose an improvement in image retrieval performance by introducing the idea of Query modification through image cropping. It enables the user to identify a region of interest and modify the initial query to refine and personalize the image retrieval results.



