# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-08-18
### Improved Total Variation based Image Compressive Sensing Recovery by Nonlocal Regularization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.3716v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.3716v2)
- **Published**: 2012-08-18 01:48:05+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-12-26 00:47:04+00:00
- **Authors**: Jian Zhang, Shaohui Liu, Debin Zhao, Ruiqin Xiong, Siwei Ma
- **Comment**: 4 Pages, 1 figures, 3 tables, to be published at IEEE Int. Symposium
  of Circuits and Systems (ISCAS) 2013
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Recently, total variation (TV) based minimization algorithms have achieved great success in compressive sensing (CS) recovery for natural images due to its virtue of preserving edges. However, the use of TV is not able to recover the fine details and textures, and often suffers from undesirable staircase artifact. To reduce these effects, this letter presents an improved TV based image CS recovery algorithm by introducing a new nonlocal regularization constraint into CS optimization problem. The nonlocal regularization is built on the well known nonlocal means (NLM) filtering and takes advantage of self-similarity in images, which helps to suppress the staircase effect and restore the fine details. Furthermore, an efficient augmented Lagrangian based algorithm is developed to solve the above combined TV and nonlocal regularization constrained problem. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm achieves significant performance improvements over the state-of-the-art TV based algorithm in both PSNR and visual perception.



### Image Super-Resolution via Dual-Dictionary Learning And Sparse Representation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.3723v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ISCAS.2012.6271583
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.3723v1)
- **Published**: 2012-08-18 03:00:03+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-18 03:00:03+00:00
- **Authors**: Jian Zhang, Chen Zhao, Ruiqin Xiong, Siwei Ma, Debin Zhao
- **Comment**: 4 pages, 4 figures, 1 table, to be published at IEEE Int. Symposium
  of Circuits and Systems (ISCAS) 2012
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Learning-based image super-resolution aims to reconstruct high-frequency (HF) details from the prior model trained by a set of high- and low-resolution image patches. In this paper, HF to be estimated is considered as a combination of two components: main high-frequency (MHF) and residual high-frequency (RHF), and we propose a novel image super-resolution method via dual-dictionary learning and sparse representation, which consists of the main dictionary learning and the residual dictionary learning, to recover MHF and RHF respectively. Extensive experimental results on test images validate that by employing the proposed two-layer progressive scheme, more image details can be recovered and much better results can be achieved than the state-of-the-art algorithms in terms of both PSNR and visual perception.



