# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-08-13
### A Plea for Neutral Comparison Studies in Computational Sciences
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.2651v1
- **DOI**: 10.1371/journal.pone.0061562
- **Categories**: **stat.CO**, cs.CV, stat.ME, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.2651v1)
- **Published**: 2012-08-13 18:01:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-13 18:01:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Anne-Laure Boulesteix, Manuel J. A. Eugster
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: In a context where most published articles are devoted to the development of "new methods", comparison studies are generally appreciated by readers but surprisingly given poor consideration by many scientific journals. In connection with recent articles on over-optimism and epistemology published in Bioinformatics, this letter stresses the importance of neutral comparison studies for the objective evaluation of existing methods and the establishment of standards by drawing parallels with clinical research.



### Stable Segmentation of Digital Image
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.2655v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.2655v1)
- **Published**: 2012-08-13 18:21:05+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-13 18:21:05+00:00
- **Authors**: M. Kharinov
- **Comment**: 6 pages, 10 formulas, 2 figures, in russian
- **Journal**: Proc. of the 22th Int. Conf. on Comp. Graphics and Vision
  (Graphicon 2012), Moscow: MSU, 01-05 Oct. 2012, pp. 208-213. (in Russian)
- **Summary**: In the paper the optimal image segmentation by means of piecewise constant approximations is considered. The optimality is defined by a minimum value of the total squared error or by equivalent value of standard deviation of the approximation from the image. The optimal approximations are defined independently on the method of their obtaining and might be generated in different algorithms. We investigate the computation of the optimal approximation on the grounds of stability with respect to a given set of modifications. To obtain the optimal approximation the Mumford-Shuh model is generalized and developed, which in the computational part is combined with the Otsu method in multi-thresholding version. The proposed solution is proved analytically and experimentally on the example of the standard image.



