# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-08-15
### Performance Analysis Of Neuro Genetic Algorithm Applied On Detecting Proportion Of Components In Manhole Gas Mixture
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1209.1048v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijaia.2012.3406
- **Categories**: **cs.NE**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1209.1048v1)
- **Published**: 2012-08-15 04:29:47+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-15 04:29:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Varun Kumar Ojha, Paramartha Dutta, Hiranmay Saha
- **Comment**: 16 pages,11 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The article presents performance analysis of a real valued neuro genetic algorithm applied for the detection of proportion of the gases found in manhole gas mixture. The neural network (NN) trained using genetic algorithm (GA) leads to concept of neuro genetic algorithm, which is used for implementing an intelligent sensory system for the detection of component gases present in manhole gas mixture Usually a manhole gas mixture contains several toxic gases like Hydrogen Sulfide, Ammonia, Methane, Carbon Dioxide, Nitrogen Oxide, and Carbon Monoxide. A semiconductor based gas sensor array used for sensing manhole gas components is an integral part of the proposed intelligent system. It consists of many sensor elements, where each sensor element is responsible for sensing particular gas component. Multiple sensors of different gases used for detecting gas mixture of multiple gases, results in cross-sensitivity. The cross-sensitivity is a major issue and the problem is viewed as pattern recognition problem. The objective of this article is to present performance analysis of the real valued neuro genetic algorithm which is applied for multiple gas detection.



### Color Image Compression Algorithm Based on the DCT Blocks
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.3133v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.3133v1)
- **Published**: 2012-08-15 14:51:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-15 14:51:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Walaa M. Abd-Elhafiez, Wajeb Gharibi
- **Comment**: 5 pages. arXiv admin note: text overlap with standard references on
  JPEG without attribution
- **Journal**: IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science Issues, Vol. 9,
  Issue 4, No 3, July 2012
- **Summary**: This paper presents the performance of different blockbased discrete cosine transform (DCT) algorithms for compressing color image. In this RGB component of color image are converted to YCbCr before DCT transform is applied. Y is luminance component;Cb and Cr are chrominance components of the image. The modification of the image data is done based on the classification of image blocks to edge blocks and non-edge blocks, then the edge block of the image is compressed with low compression and the nonedge blocks is compressed with high compression. The analysis results have indicated that the performance of the suggested method is much better, where the constructed images are less distorted and compressed with higher factor.



