# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-08-02
### Fast Planar Correlation Clustering for Image Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.0378v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.DS, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.0378v1)
- **Published**: 2012-08-02 00:54:02+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-02 00:54:02+00:00
- **Authors**: Julian Yarkony, Alexander T. Ihler, Charless C. Fowlkes
- **Comment**: This is the extended version of a paper to appear at the 12th
  European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV 2012)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We describe a new optimization scheme for finding high-quality correlation clusterings in planar graphs that uses weighted perfect matching as a subroutine. Our method provides lower-bounds on the energy of the optimal correlation clustering that are typically fast to compute and tight in practice. We demonstrate our algorithm on the problem of image segmentation where this approach outperforms existing global optimization techniques in minimizing the objective and is competitive with the state of the art in producing high-quality segmentations.



### A phase-sensitive method for filtering on the sphere
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.0385v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TSP.2012.2213083
- **Categories**: **math.RT**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.0385v2)
- **Published**: 2012-08-02 02:31:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-03 07:58:36+00:00
- **Authors**: Ramakrishna Kakarala, Philip Ogunbona
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper examines filtering on a sphere, by first examining the roles of spherical harmonic magnitude and phase. We show that phase is more important than magnitude in determining the structure of a spherical function. We examine the properties of linear phase shifts in the spherical harmonic domain, which suggest a mechanism for constructing finite-impulse-response (FIR) filters. We show that those filters have desirable properties, such as being associative, mapping spherical functions to spherical functions, allowing directional filtering, and being defined by relatively simple equations. We provide examples of the filters for both spherical and manifold data.



### Efficient Point-to-Subspace Query in $\ell^1$ with Application to Robust Object Instance Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.0432v3
- **DOI**: 10.1137/130936166
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.0432v3)
- **Published**: 2012-08-02 08:43:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-03-06 06:12:11+00:00
- **Authors**: Ju Sun, Yuqian Zhang, John Wright
- **Comment**: Revised based on reviewers' feedback; one new experiment on
  synthesized data added; one section discussing the speed up added
- **Journal**: SIAM Journal on Imaging Sciences, 7(4):2105 - 2138, 2014
- **Summary**: Motivated by vision tasks such as robust face and object recognition, we consider the following general problem: given a collection of low-dimensional linear subspaces in a high-dimensional ambient (image) space, and a query point (image), efficiently determine the nearest subspace to the query in $\ell^1$ distance. In contrast to the naive exhaustive search which entails large-scale linear programs, we show that the computational burden can be cut down significantly by a simple two-stage algorithm: (1) projecting the query and data-base subspaces into lower-dimensional space by random Cauchy matrix, and solving small-scale distance evaluations (linear programs) in the projection space to locate candidate nearest; (2) with few candidates upon independent repetition of (1), getting back to the high-dimensional space and performing exhaustive search. To preserve the identity of the nearest subspace with nontrivial probability, the projection dimension typically is low-order polynomial of the subspace dimension multiplied by logarithm of number of the subspaces (Theorem 2.1). The reduced dimensionality and hence complexity renders the proposed algorithm particularly relevant to vision application such as robust face and object instance recognition that we investigate empirically.



