# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-08-31
### A two-stage denoising filter: the preprocessed Yaroslavsky filter
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.6516v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, math.ST, stat.TH, I.4.3; I.4.10; I.5.1; G.3
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.6516v1)
- **Published**: 2012-08-31 15:08:22+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-31 15:08:22+00:00
- **Authors**: Joseph Salmon, Rebecca Willett, Ery Arias-Castro
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper describes a simple image noise removal method which combines a preprocessing step with the Yaroslavsky filter for strong numerical, visual, and theoretical performance on a broad class of images. The framework developed is a two-stage approach. In the first stage the image is filtered with a classical denoising method (e.g., wavelet or curvelet thresholding). In the second stage a modification of the Yaroslavsky filter is performed on the original noisy image, where the weights of the filters are governed by pixel similarities in the denoised image from the first stage. Similar prefiltering ideas have proved effective previously in the literature, and this paper provides theoretical guarantees and important insight into why prefiltering can be effective. Empirically, this simple approach achieves very good performance for cartoon images, and can be computed much more quickly than current patch-based denoising algorithms.



### Combinatorial Gradient Fields for 2D Images with Empirically Convergent Separatrices
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1208.6523v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CG, cs.DM, 68U10
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1208.6523v1)
- **Published**: 2012-08-31 15:19:09+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-08-31 15:19:09+00:00
- **Authors**: Jan Reininghaus, David Günther, Ingrid Hotz, Tino Weinkauf, Hans Peter Seidel
- **Comment**: 17 pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper proposes an efficient probabilistic method that computes combinatorial gradient fields for two dimensional image data. In contrast to existing algorithms, this approach yields a geometric Morse-Smale complex that converges almost surely to its continuous counterpart when the image resolution is increased. This approach is motivated using basic ideas from probability theory and builds upon an algorithm from discrete Morse theory with a strong mathematical foundation. While a formal proof is only hinted at, we do provide a thorough numerical evaluation of our method and compare it to established algorithms.



