# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-03-17
### Identification of arabic word from bilingual text using character features
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1103.3430v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.AI**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1103.3430v1)
- **Published**: 2011-03-17 14:59:33+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-03-17 14:59:33+00:00
- **Authors**: Sofiene Haboubi, Samia Maddouri, Hamid Amiri
- **Comment**: FAHR 2010 - the 1st International Workshop on Frontiers in Arabic
  Handwriting Recognition
- **Journal**: International Workshop on Frontiers in Arabic Handwriting
  Recognition (2010) 50-54
- **Summary**: The identification of the language of the script is an important stage in the process of recognition of the writing. There are several works in this research area, which treat various languages. Most of the used methods are global or statistical. In this present paper, we study the possibility of using the features of scripts to identify the language. The identification of the language of the script by characteristics returns the identification in the case of multilingual documents less difficult. We present by this work, a study on the possibility of using the structural features to identify the Arabic language from an Arabic / Latin text.



### Off-Line Handwritten Signature Identification Using Rotated Complex Wavelet Filters
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1103.3440v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1103.3440v1)
- **Published**: 2011-03-17 15:52:15+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-03-17 15:52:15+00:00
- **Authors**: M. S. Shirdhonkar, Manesh Kokare
- **Comment**: 5 pages
- **Journal**: IJCSI International Journal of Computer Science Issues, Vol. 8,
  Issue 1, January 2011 ISSN (Online): 1694-0814
- **Summary**: In this paper, a new method for handwritten signature identification based on rotated complex wavelet filters is proposed. We have proposed to use the rotated complex wavelet filters (RCWF) and dual tree complex wavelet transform(DTCWT) together to derive signature feature extraction, which captures information in twelve different directions. In identification phase, Canberra distance measure is used. The proposed method is compared with discrete wavelet transform (DWT). From experimental results it is found that signature identification rate of proposed method is superior over DWT



### 4D Wavelet-Based Regularization for Parallel MRI Reconstruction: Impact on Subject and Group-Levels Statistical Sensitivity in fMRI
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1103.3532v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **stat.ME**, cs.CV, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1103.3532v1)
- **Published**: 2011-03-17 23:11:58+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-03-17 23:11:58+00:00
- **Authors**: Lotfi Chaari, Sébastien Mériaux, Solveig Badillo, Jean-Christophe Pesquet, Philippe Ciuciu
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Parallel MRI is a fast imaging technique that enables the acquisition of highly resolved images in space. It relies on $k$-space undersampling and multiple receiver coils with complementary sensitivity profiles in order to reconstruct a full Field-Of-View (FOV) image. The performance of parallel imaging mainly depends on the reconstruction algorithm, which can proceed either in the original $k$-space (GRAPPA, SMASH) or in the image domain (SENSE-like methods). To improve the performance of the widely used SENSE algorithm, 2D- or slice-specific regularization in the wavelet domain has been efficiently investigated. In this paper, we extend this approach using 3D-wavelet representations in order to handle all slices together and address reconstruction artifacts which propagate across adjacent slices. The extension also accounts for temporal correlations that exist between successive scans in functional MRI (fMRI). The proposed 4D reconstruction scheme is fully \emph{unsupervised} in the sense that all regularization parameters are estimated in the maximum likelihood sense on a reference scan. The gain induced by such extensions is first illustrated on EPI image reconstruction but also measured in terms of statistical sensitivity during a fast event-related fMRI protocol. The proposed 4D-UWR-SENSE algorithm outperforms the SENSE reconstruction at the subject and group-levels (15 subjects) for different contrasts of interest and using different parallel acceleration factors on $2\times2\times3$mm$^3$ EPI images.



