# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-03-24
### Automatic Extraction of Open Space Area from High Resolution Urban Satellite Imagery
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1103.4723v4
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, I.4; I.5
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1103.4723v4)
- **Published**: 2011-03-24 10:40:00+00:00
- **Updated**: 2022-02-02 16:36:50+00:00
- **Authors**: B. G. Kodge, P. S. Hiremath
- **Comment**: Use of wrong data in calculations
- **Journal**: International Journal of Image Processing (IJIP), Volume (4):
  Issue (2),2010, PP: 164-174
- **Summary**: In the 21st century, Aerial and satellite images are information rich. They are also complex to analyze. For GIS systems, many features require fast and reliable extraction of open space area from high resolution satellite imagery. In this paper we will study efficient and reliable automatic extraction algorithm to find out the open space area from the high resolution urban satellite imagery. This automatic extraction algorithm uses some filters and segmentations and grouping is applying on satellite images. And the result images may use to calculate the total available open space area and the built up area. It may also use to compare the difference between present and past open space area using historical urban satellite images of that same projection



### A comparison of Gap statistic definitions with and without logarithm function
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1103.4767v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **stat.ME**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1103.4767v1)
- **Published**: 2011-03-24 13:51:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-03-24 13:51:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Mojgan Mohajer, Karl-Hans Englmeier, Volker J. Schmid
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The Gap statistic is a standard method for determining the number of clusters in a set of data. The Gap statistic standardizes the graph of $\log(W_{k})$, where $W_{k}$ is the within-cluster dispersion, by comparing it to its expectation under an appropriate null reference distribution of the data. We suggest to use $W_{k}$ instead of $\log(W_{k})$, and to compare it to the expectation of $W_{k}$ under a null reference distribution. In fact, whenever a number fulfills the original Gap statistic inequality, this number also fulfills the inequality of a Gap statistic using $W_{k}$, but not \textit{vice versa}. The two definitions of the Gap function are evaluated on several simulated data sets and on a real data of DCE-MR images.



