# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-03-28
### Visualization techniques for data mining of Latur district satellite imagery
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.3571v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CE**, cs.CV, D.1.7; H.2.8; I.4.6
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1104.3571v2)
- **Published**: 2011-03-28 12:35:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-05-11 05:42:42+00:00
- **Authors**: B. G. Kodge, P. S. Hiremath
- **Comment**: This paper has been withdrawn by the author
- **Journal**: Advances in Computational Research, Volume 2, Issue 1, 2010,
  pp-21-24
- **Summary**: This study presents a new visualization tool for classification of satellite imagery. Visualization of feature space allows exploration of patterns in the image data and insight into the classification process and related uncertainty. Visual Data Mining provides added value to image classifications as the user can be involved in the classification process providing increased confidence in and understanding of the results. In this study, we present a prototype visualization tool for visual data mining (VDM) of satellite imagery. The visualization tool is showcased in a classification study of highresolution imageries of Latur district in Maharashtra state of India.



### An Effect of Spatial Filtering in Visualization of Coronary Arteries Imaging
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.3513v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.CE, I.4; I.5
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1104.3513v1)
- **Published**: 2011-03-28 12:35:47+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-03-28 12:35:47+00:00
- **Authors**: B. G. Kodge, P. S. Hiremath
- **Comment**: 06 Pages, 18 figures
- **Journal**: International Journal of Computer Science & Information Technology
  (IJCSIT), Vol. 2, No. 1, 2009, PP: 35-40
- **Summary**: At present, coronary angiography is the well known standard for the diagnosis of coronary artery disease. Conventional coronary angiography is an invasive procedure with a small, yet inherent risk of myocardial infarction, stroke, potential arrhythmias, and death. Other noninvasive diagnostic tools, such as electrocardiography, echocardiography, and nuclear imaging are now widely available but are limited by their inability to directly visualize and quantify coronary artery stenoses and predict the stability of plaques. Coronary magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) is a technique that allows visualization of the coronary arteries by noninvasive means; however, it has not yet reached a stage where it can be used in routine clinical practice. Although coronary MRA is a potentially useful diagnostic tool, it has limitations. Further research should focus on improving the diagnostic resolution and accuracy of coronary MRA. This paper will helps to cardiologists to take the clear look of spatial filtered imaging of coronary arteries.



