# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2011-03-29
### Application of Threshold Techniques for Readability Improvement of Jawi Historical Manuscript Images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1103.5621v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/acij.2011.2206
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1103.5621v1)
- **Published**: 2011-03-29 12:34:53+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-03-29 12:34:53+00:00
- **Authors**: Hafizan Mat Som, Jasni Mohamad Zain, Amzari Jihadi Ghazali
- **Comment**: 10 pages, 6 figures, 2 tables, Advance Computing: An International
  Journal (ACIJ)
- **Journal**: Advanced Computing: An International Journal ( ACIJ ), Vol.2,
  No.2, March 2011
- **Summary**: Historical documents such as old books and manuscripts have a high aesthetic value and highly appreciated. Unfortunately, there are some documents cannot be read due to quality problems like faded paper, ink expand, uneven colour tone, torn paper and other elements disruption such as the existence of small spots. The study aims to produce a copy of manuscript that shows clear wordings so they can easily be read and the copy can also be displayed for visitors. 16 samples of Jawi historical manuscript with different quality problems were obtained from The Royal Museum of Pahang, Malaysia. We applied three binarization techniques; Otsu's method represents global threshold technique; Sauvola and Niblack method which are categorized as local threshold techniques. We compared the binarized images with the original manuscript to be visually inspected by the museum's curator. The unclear features were marked and analyzed. Most of the examined images show that with optimal parameters and effective pre processing technique, local thresholding methods are work well compare with the other one. Niblack's and Sauvola's techniques seem to be the suitable approaches for these types of images. Most of binarized images with these two methods show improvement for readability and character recognition. For this research, even the differences of image result were hard to be distinguished by human capabilities, after comparing the time cost and overall achievement rate of recognized symbols, Niblack's method is performing better than Sauvola's. We could improve the post processing step by adding edge detection techniques and further enhanced by an innovative image refinement technique and a formulation of a class proper method.



### A Parametric Level Set Approach to Simultaneous Object Identification and Background Reconstruction for Dual Energy Computed Tomography
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1103.5776v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIP.2012.2186308
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, physics.med-ph
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1103.5776v1)
- **Published**: 2011-03-29 21:15:46+00:00
- **Updated**: 2011-03-29 21:15:46+00:00
- **Authors**: Oguz Semerci, Eric L. Miller
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Dual energy computerized tomography has gained great interest because of its ability to characterize the chemical composition of a material rather than simply providing relative attenuation images as in conventional tomography. The purpose of this paper is to introduce a novel polychromatic dual energy processing algorithm with an emphasis on detection and characterization of piecewise constant objects embedded in an unknown, cluttered background. Physical properties of the objects, specifically the Compton scattering and photoelectric absorption coefficients, are assumed to be known with some level of uncertainty. Our approach is based on a level-set representation of the characteristic function of the object and encompasses a number of regularization techniques for addressing both the prior information we have concerning the physical properties of the object as well as fundamental, physics-based limitations associated with our ability to jointly recover the Compton scattering and photoelectric absorption properties of the scene. In the absence of an object with appropriate physical properties, our approach returns a null characteristic function and thus can be viewed as simultaneously solving the detection and characterization problems. Unlike the vast majority of methods which define the level set function non-parametrically, i.e., as a dense set of pixel values), we define our level set parametrically via radial basis functions (RBF's) and employ a Gauss-Newton type algorithm for cost minimization. Numerical results show that the algorithm successfully detects objects of interest, finds their shape and location, and gives a adequate reconstruction of the background.



