# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-05-22
### Gray Level Co-Occurrence Matrices: Generalisation and Some New Features
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1205.4831v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1205.4831v1)
- **Published**: 2012-05-22 08:00:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-05-22 08:00:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Bino Sebastian V, A. Unnikrishnan, Kannan Balakrishnan
- **Comment**: 7 pages, 3 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Gray Level Co-occurrence Matrices (GLCM) are one of the earliest techniques used for image texture analysis. In this paper we defined a new feature called trace extracted from the GLCM and its implications in texture analysis are discussed in the context of Content Based Image Retrieval (CBIR). The theoretical extension of GLCM to n-dimensional gray scale images are also discussed. The results indicate that trace features outperform Haralick features when applied to CBIR.



### Learning Mixed Graphical Models
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1205.5012v3
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **stat.ML**, cs.CV, cs.LG, math.OC
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1205.5012v3)
- **Published**: 2012-05-22 19:20:07+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-07-03 23:06:52+00:00
- **Authors**: Jason D. Lee, Trevor J. Hastie
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We consider the problem of learning the structure of a pairwise graphical model over continuous and discrete variables. We present a new pairwise model for graphical models with both continuous and discrete variables that is amenable to structure learning. In previous work, authors have considered structure learning of Gaussian graphical models and structure learning of discrete models. Our approach is a natural generalization of these two lines of work to the mixed case. The penalization scheme involves a novel symmetric use of the group-lasso norm and follows naturally from a particular parametrization of the model.



