# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-05-09
### M-FISH Karyotyping - A New Approach Based on Watershed Transform
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1205.2031v1
- **DOI**: 10.5121/ijcseit.2012.2210
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1205.2031v1)
- **Published**: 2012-05-09 16:52:23+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-05-09 16:52:23+00:00
- **Authors**: K. S. Sreejini, A. Lijiya, V. K. Govindan
- **Comment**: 13 pages,7 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Karyotyping is a process in which chromosomes in a dividing cell are properly stained, identified and displayed in a standard format, which helps geneticist to study and diagnose genetic factors behind various genetic diseases and for studying cancer. M-FISH (Multiplex Fluorescent In-Situ Hybridization) provides color karyotyping. In this paper, an automated method for M-FISH chromosome segmentation based on watershed transform followed by naive Bayes classification of each region using the features, mean and standard deviation, is presented. Also, a post processing step is added to re-classify the small chromosome segments to the neighboring larger segment for reducing the chances of misclassification. The approach provided improved accuracy when compared to the pixel-by-pixel approach. The approach was tested on 40 images from the dataset and achieved an accuracy of 84.21 %.



### Multi-Task Feature Learning Via Efficient l2,1-Norm Minimization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1205.2631v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.LG**, cs.CV, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1205.2631v1)
- **Published**: 2012-05-09 17:09:42+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-05-09 17:09:42+00:00
- **Authors**: Jun Liu, Shuiwang Ji, Jieping Ye
- **Comment**: Appears in Proceedings of the Twenty-Fifth Conference on Uncertainty
  in Artificial Intelligence (UAI2009)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The problem of joint feature selection across a group of related tasks has applications in many areas including biomedical informatics and computer vision. We consider the l2,1-norm regularized regression model for joint feature selection from multiple tasks, which can be derived in the probabilistic framework by assuming a suitable prior from the exponential family. One appealing feature of the l2,1-norm regularization is that it encourages multiple predictors to share similar sparsity patterns. However, the resulting optimization problem is challenging to solve due to the non-smoothness of the l2,1-norm regularization. In this paper, we propose to accelerate the computation by reformulating it as two equivalent smooth convex optimization problems which are then solved via the Nesterov's method-an optimal first-order black-box method for smooth convex optimization. A key building block in solving the reformulations is the Euclidean projection. We show that the Euclidean projection for the first reformulation can be analytically computed, while the Euclidean projection for the second one can be computed in linear time. Empirical evaluations on several data sets verify the efficiency of the proposed algorithms.



