# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2012-05-24
### Linearized Alternating Direction Method with Adaptive Penalty and Warm Starts for Fast Solving Transform Invariant Low-Rank Textures
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1205.5351v2
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s11263-013-0611-6
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1205.5351v2)
- **Published**: 2012-05-24 07:16:14+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-01-29 20:19:14+00:00
- **Authors**: Xiang Ren, Zhouchen Lin
- **Comment**: Accepted by International Journal of Computer Vision (IJCV)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Transform Invariant Low-rank Textures (TILT) is a novel and powerful tool that can effectively rectify a rich class of low-rank textures in 3D scenes from 2D images despite significant deformation and corruption. The existing algorithm for solving TILT is based on the alternating direction method (ADM). It suffers from high computational cost and is not theoretically guaranteed to converge to a correct solution. In this paper, we propose a novel algorithm to speed up solving TILT, with guaranteed convergence. Our method is based on the recently proposed linearized alternating direction method with adaptive penalty (LADMAP). To further reduce computation, warm starts are also introduced to initialize the variables better and cut the cost on singular value decomposition. Extensive experimental results on both synthetic and real data demonstrate that this new algorithm works much more efficiently and robustly than the existing algorithm. It could be at least five times faster than the previous method.



### Locally Orderless Registration
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1205.5425v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1205.5425v1)
- **Published**: 2012-05-24 12:56:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2012-05-24 12:56:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Sune Darkner, Jon Sporring
- **Comment**: submitted
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Image registration is an important tool for medical image analysis and is used to bring images into the same reference frame by warping the coordinate field of one image, such that some similarity measure is minimized. We study similarity in image registration in the context of Locally Orderless Images (LOI), which is the natural way to study density estimates and reveals the 3 fundamental scales: the measurement scale, the intensity scale, and the integration scale.   This paper has three main contributions: Firstly, we rephrase a large set of popular similarity measures into a common framework, which we refer to as Locally Orderless Registration, and which makes full use of the features of local histograms. Secondly, we extend the theoretical understanding of the local histograms. Thirdly, we use our framework to compare two state-of-the-art intensity density estimators for image registration: The Parzen Window (PW) and the Generalized Partial Volume (GPV), and we demonstrate their differences on a popular similarity measure, Normalized Mutual Information (NMI).   We conclude, that complicated similarity measures such as NMI may be evaluated almost as fast as simple measures such as Sum of Squared Distances (SSD) regardless of the choice of PW and GPV. Also, GPV is an asymmetric measure, and PW is our preferred choice.



