# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-01-09
### HOG based Fast Human Detection
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1501.02058v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/ICM.2012.6471380
- **Categories**: **cs.RO**, cs.CV, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1501.02058v1)
- **Published**: 2015-01-09 07:46:36+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-01-09 07:46:36+00:00
- **Authors**: M. Kachouane, S. Sahki, M. Lakrouf, N. Ouadah
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: 24th International Conference on Microelectronics (ICM), 2012, Dec
  2012, Alger, Algeria. pp.1 - 4
- **Summary**: Objects recognition in image is one of the most difficult problems in computer vision. It is also an important step for the implementation of several existing applications that require high-level image interpretation. Therefore, there is a growing interest in this research area during the last years. In this paper, we present an algorithm for human detection and recognition in real-time, from images taken by a CCD camera mounted on a car-like mobile robot. The proposed technique is based on Histograms of Oriented Gradient (HOG) and SVM classifier. The implementation of our detector has provided good results, and can be used in robotics tasks.



### Filter Design and Performance Evaluation for Fingerprint Image Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1501.02113v1
- **DOI**: 10.1371/journal.pone.0154160
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1501.02113v1)
- **Published**: 2015-01-09 12:00:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-01-09 12:00:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Duy Hoang Thai, Stephan Huckemann, Carsten Gottschlich
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: PLoS ONE, vol. 11, no. 5, pp. e0154160, May 2016
- **Summary**: Fingerprint recognition plays an important role in many commercial applications and is used by millions of people every day, e.g. for unlocking mobile phones. Fingerprint image segmentation is typically the first processing step of most fingerprint algorithms and it divides an image into foreground, the region of interest, and background. Two types of error can occur during this step which both have a negative impact on the recognition performance: 'true' foreground can be labeled as background and features like minutiae can be lost, or conversely 'true' background can be misclassified as foreground and spurious features can be introduced. The contribution of this paper is threefold: firstly, we propose a novel factorized directional bandpass (FDB) segmentation method for texture extraction based on the directional Hilbert transform of a Butterworth bandpass (DHBB) filter interwoven with soft-thresholding. Secondly, we provide a manually marked ground truth segmentation for 10560 images as an evaluation benchmark. Thirdly, we conduct a systematic performance comparison between the FDB method and four of the most often cited fingerprint segmentation algorithms showing that the FDB segmentation method clearly outperforms these four widely used methods. The benchmark and the implementation of the FDB method are made publicly available.



