# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2015-01-16
### A new ADMM algorithm for the Euclidean median and its application to robust patch regression
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1501.03879v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1501.03879v1)
- **Published**: 2015-01-16 05:27:17+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-01-16 05:27:17+00:00
- **Authors**: Kunal N. Chaudhury, K. R. Ramakrishnan
- **Comment**: 5 pages, 3 figures, 1 table. To appear in Proc. IEEE International
  Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing, April 19-24, 2015
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The Euclidean Median (EM) of a set of points $\Omega$ in an Euclidean space is the point x minimizing the (weighted) sum of the Euclidean distances of x to the points in $\Omega$. While there exits no closed-form expression for the EM, it can nevertheless be computed using iterative methods such as the Wieszfeld algorithm. The EM has classically been used as a robust estimator of centrality for multivariate data. It was recently demonstrated that the EM can be used to perform robust patch-based denoising of images by generalizing the popular Non-Local Means algorithm. In this paper, we propose a novel algorithm for computing the EM (and its box-constrained counterpart) using variable splitting and the method of augmented Lagrangian. The attractive feature of this approach is that the subproblems involved in the ADMM-based optimization of the augmented Lagrangian can be resolved using simple closed-form projections. The proposed ADMM solver is used for robust patch-based image denoising and is shown to exhibit faster convergence compared to an existing solver.



### Feature Selection based on Machine Learning in MRIs for Hippocampal Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1501.03915v1
- **DOI**: 10.1155/2015/814104
- **Categories**: **physics.med-ph**, cs.CV, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1501.03915v1)
- **Published**: 2015-01-16 08:45:55+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-01-16 08:45:55+00:00
- **Authors**: Sabina Tangaro, Nicola Amoroso, Massimo Brescia, Stefano Cavuoti, Andrea Chincarini, Rosangela Errico, Paolo Inglese, Giuseppe Longo, Rosalia Maglietta, Andrea Tateo, Giuseppe Riccio, Roberto Bellotti
- **Comment**: To appear on "Computational and Mathematical Methods in Medicine",
  Hindawi Publishing Corporation. 19 pages, 7 figures
- **Journal**: Computational and Mathematical Methods in Medicine Volume 2015,
  Article ID 814104, 10 pages, Hindawi Publishing Corporation
- **Summary**: Neurodegenerative diseases are frequently associated with structural changes in the brain. Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans can show these variations and therefore be used as a supportive feature for a number of neurodegenerative diseases. The hippocampus has been known to be a biomarker for Alzheimer disease and other neurological and psychiatric diseases. However, it requires accurate, robust and reproducible delineation of hippocampal structures. Fully automatic methods are usually the voxel based approach, for each voxel a number of local features were calculated. In this paper we compared four different techniques for feature selection from a set of 315 features extracted for each voxel: (i) filter method based on the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test; two wrapper methods, respectively, (ii) Sequential Forward Selection and (iii) Sequential Backward Elimination; and (iv) embedded method based on the Random Forest Classifier on a set of 10 T1-weighted brain MRIs and tested on an independent set of 25 subjects. The resulting segmentations were compared with manual reference labelling. By using only 23 features for each voxel (sequential backward elimination) we obtained comparable state of-the-art performances with respect to the standard tool FreeSurfer.



### Mind the Gap: Subspace based Hierarchical Domain Adaptation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1501.03952v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1501.03952v1)
- **Published**: 2015-01-16 11:19:45+00:00
- **Updated**: 2015-01-16 11:19:45+00:00
- **Authors**: Anant Raj, Vinay P. Namboodiri, Tinne Tuytelaars
- **Comment**: 4 pages in Second Workshop on Transfer and Multi-Task Learning:
  Theory meets Practice in NIPS 2014
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Domain adaptation techniques aim at adapting a classifier learnt on a source domain to work on the target domain. Exploiting the subspaces spanned by features of the source and target domains respectively is one approach that has been investigated towards solving this problem. These techniques normally assume the existence of a single subspace for the entire source / target domain. In this work, we consider the hierarchical organization of the data and consider multiple subspaces for the source and target domain based on the hierarchy. We evaluate different subspace based domain adaptation techniques under this setting and observe that using different subspaces based on the hierarchy yields consistent improvement over a non-hierarchical baseline



