# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-08-23
### Group-Sparse Signal Denoising: Non-Convex Regularization, Convex Optimization
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.5038v2
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TSP.2014.2329274
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.5038v2)
- **Published**: 2013-08-23 03:32:57+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-11-30 19:18:49+00:00
- **Authors**: Po-Yu Chen, Ivan W. Selesnick
- **Comment**: 14 pages, 11 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Convex optimization with sparsity-promoting convex regularization is a standard approach for estimating sparse signals in noise. In order to promote sparsity more strongly than convex regularization, it is also standard practice to employ non-convex optimization. In this paper, we take a third approach. We utilize a non-convex regularization term chosen such that the total cost function (consisting of data consistency and regularization terms) is convex. Therefore, sparsity is more strongly promoted than in the standard convex formulation, but without sacrificing the attractive aspects of convex optimization (unique minimum, robust algorithms, etc.). We use this idea to improve the recently developed 'overlapping group shrinkage' (OGS) algorithm for the denoising of group-sparse signals. The algorithm is applied to the problem of speech enhancement with favorable results in terms of both SNR and perceptual quality.



### Suspicious Object Recognition Method in Video Stream Based on Visual Attention
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.5063v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.5063v1)
- **Published**: 2013-08-23 07:26:56+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-23 07:26:56+00:00
- **Authors**: Panqu Wang, Yan Zhang
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: We propose a state of the art method for intelligent object recognition and video surveillance based on human visual attention. Bottom up and top down attention are applied respectively in the process of acquiring interested object(saliency map) and object recognition. The revision of 4 channel PFT method is proposed for bottom up attention and enhances the speed and accuracy. Inhibit of return (IOR) is applied in judging the sequence of saliency object pop out. Euclidean distance of color distribution, object center coordinates and speed are considered in judging whether the target is match and suspicious. The extensive tests on videos and images show that our method in video analysis has high accuracy and fast speed compared with traditional method. The method can be applied into many fields such as video surveillance and security.



