# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-08-30
### Image Set based Collaborative Representation for Face Recognition
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.6687v1
- **DOI**: 10.1109/TIFS.2014.2324277
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.6687v1)
- **Published**: 2013-08-30 09:08:56+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-30 09:08:56+00:00
- **Authors**: Pengfei Zhu, Wangmeng Zuo, Lei Zhang, Simon C. K. Shiu, David Zhang
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security, Volume 9,
  Issue 7, May 2014, Pages 1120-1132
- **Summary**: With the rapid development of digital imaging and communication technologies, image set based face recognition (ISFR) is becoming increasingly important. One key issue of ISFR is how to effectively and efficiently represent the query face image set by using the gallery face image sets. The set-to-set distance based methods ignore the relationship between gallery sets, while representing the query set images individually over the gallery sets ignores the correlation between query set images. In this paper, we propose a novel image set based collaborative representation and classification method for ISFR. By modeling the query set as a convex or regularized hull, we represent this hull collaboratively over all the gallery sets. With the resolved representation coefficients, the distance between the query set and each gallery set can then be calculated for classification. The proposed model naturally and effectively extends the image based collaborative representation to an image set based one, and our extensive experiments on benchmark ISFR databases show the superiority of the proposed method to state-of-the-art ISFR methods under different set sizes in terms of both recognition rate and efficiency.



### Discriminative Parameter Estimation for Random Walks Segmentation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.6721v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.6721v1)
- **Published**: 2013-08-30 12:13:11+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-30 12:13:11+00:00
- **Authors**: Pierre-Yves Baudin, Danny Goodman, Puneet Kumar, Noura Azzabou, Pierre G. Carlier, Nikos Paragios, M. Pawan Kumar
- **Comment**: Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Interventaion (2013)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: The Random Walks (RW) algorithm is one of the most e - cient and easy-to-use probabilistic segmentation methods. By combining contrast terms with prior terms, it provides accurate segmentations of medical images in a fully automated manner. However, one of the main drawbacks of using the RW algorithm is that its parameters have to be hand-tuned. we propose a novel discriminative learning framework that estimates the parameters using a training dataset. The main challenge we face is that the training samples are not fully supervised. Speci cally, they provide a hard segmentation of the images, instead of a proba- bilistic segmentation. We overcome this challenge by treating the opti- mal probabilistic segmentation that is compatible with the given hard segmentation as a latent variable. This allows us to employ the latent support vector machine formulation for parameter estimation. We show that our approach signi cantly outperforms the baseline methods on a challenging dataset consisting of real clinical 3D MRI volumes of skeletal muscles.



### A Low-Dimensional Representation for Robust Partial Isometric Correspondences Computation
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.6804v2
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.gmod.2013.11.003
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.GR
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.6804v2)
- **Published**: 2013-08-30 17:38:40+00:00
- **Updated**: 2014-01-13 11:20:26+00:00
- **Authors**: Alan Brunton, Michael Wand, Stefanie Wuhrer, Hans-Peter Seidel, Tino Weinkauf
- **Comment**: 17 pages, 12 figures
- **Journal**: Graphical Models, 76(2), pp. 70--85, March 2014
- **Summary**: Intrinsic isometric shape matching has become the standard approach for pose invariant correspondence estimation among deformable shapes. Most existing approaches assume global consistency, i.e., the metric structure of the whole manifold must not change significantly. While global isometric matching is well understood, only a few heuristic solutions are known for partial matching. Partial matching is particularly important for robustness to topological noise (incomplete data and contacts), which is a common problem in real-world 3D scanner data. In this paper, we introduce a new approach to partial, intrinsic isometric matching. Our method is based on the observation that isometries are fully determined by purely local information: a map of a single point and its tangent space fixes an isometry for both global and the partial maps. From this idea, we develop a new representation for partial isometric maps based on equivalence classes of correspondences between pairs of points and their tangent spaces. From this, we derive a local propagation algorithm that find such mappings efficiently. In contrast to previous heuristics based on RANSAC or expectation maximization, our method is based on a simple and sound theoretical model and fully deterministic. We apply our approach to register partial point clouds and compare it to the state-of-the-art methods, where we obtain significant improvements over global methods for real-world data and stronger guarantees than previous heuristic partial matching algorithms.



