# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-08-12
### Faster gradient descent and the efficient recovery of images
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.2464v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.NA, math.NA
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.2464v1)
- **Published**: 2013-08-12 05:33:39+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-12 05:33:39+00:00
- **Authors**: Hui Huang, Uri Ascher
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Much recent attention has been devoted to gradient descent algorithms where the steepest descent step size is replaced by a similar one from a previous iteration or gets updated only once every second step, thus forming a {\em faster gradient descent method}. For unconstrained convex quadratic optimization these methods can converge much faster than steepest descent. But the context of interest here is application to certain ill-posed inverse problems, where the steepest descent method is known to have a smoothing, regularizing effect, and where a strict optimization solution is not necessary.   Specifically, in this paper we examine the effect of replacing steepest descent by a faster gradient descent algorithm in the practical context of image deblurring and denoising tasks. We also propose several highly efficient schemes for carrying out these tasks independently of the step size selection, as well as a scheme for the case where both blur and significant noise are present.   In the above context there are situations where many steepest descent steps are required, thus building slowness into the solution procedure. Our general conclusion regarding gradient descent methods is that in such cases the faster gradient descent methods offer substantial advantages. In other situations where no such slowness buildup arises the steepest descent method can still be very effective.



### Local image registration a comparison for bilateral registration mammography
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.2654v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.2654v1)
- **Published**: 2013-08-12 19:29:49+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-12 19:29:49+00:00
- **Authors**: José M. Celaya-Padilla, Juan Rodriguez-Rojas, Victor Trevino, José G. Gerardo Tamez-Pena
- **Comment**: 9 pages, Submitted to The 9th International Seminar on Medical
  Information Processing and Analysis (formerly International Seminar on
  Medical Image Processing and Analysis) (pending approval)
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Early tumor detection is key in reducing the number of breast cancer death and screening mammography is one of the most widely available and reliable method for early detection. However, it is difficult for the radiologist to process with the same attention each case, due the large amount of images to be read. Computer aided detection (CADe) systems improve tumor detection rate; but the current efficiency of these systems is not yet adequate and the correct interpretation of CADe outputs requires expert human intervention. Computer aided diagnosis systems (CADx) are being designed to improve cancer diagnosis accuracy, but they have not been efficiently applied in breast cancer. CADx efficiency can be enhanced by considering the natural mirror symmetry between the right and left breast. The objective of this work is to evaluate co-registration algorithms for the accurate alignment of the left to right breast for CADx enhancement. A set of mammograms were artificially altered to create a ground truth set to evaluate the registration efficiency of DEMONs, and SPLINE deformable registration algorithms. The registration accuracy was evaluated using mean square errors, mutual information and correlation. The results on the 132 images proved that the SPLINE deformable registration over-perform the DEMONS on mammography images.



