# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-08-06
### Multimodal Approach for Video Surveillance Indexing and Retrieval
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.1150v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.MM**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.1150v1)
- **Published**: 2013-08-06 01:21:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-06 01:21:35+00:00
- **Authors**: Ali Wali, Adel M. Alimi
- **Comment**: 7 pages
- **Journal**: Journal of Intelligent Computing, Volume: 1, Issue: 4 (December
  2010), Page: 165-175
- **Summary**: In this paper, we present an overview of a multimodal system to indexing and searching video sequence by the content that has been developed within the REGIMVid project. A large part of our system has been developed as part of TRECVideo evaluation. The MAVSIR platform provides High-level feature extraction from audio-visual content and concept/event-based video retrieval. We illustrate the architecture of the system as well as provide an overview of the descriptors supported to date. Then we demonstrate the usefulness of the toolbox in the context of feature extraction, concepts/events learning and retrieval in large collections of video surveillance dataset. The results are encouraging as we are able to get good results on several event categories, while for all events we have gained valuable insights and experience.



### Spatial-Aware Dictionary Learning for Hyperspectral Image Classification
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.1187v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.1187v1)
- **Published**: 2013-08-06 05:57:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-06 05:57:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Ali Soltani-Farani, Hamid R. Rabiee, Seyyed Abbas Hosseini
- **Comment**: 16 pages, 9 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper presents a structured dictionary-based model for hyperspectral data that incorporates both spectral and contextual characteristics of a spectral sample, with the goal of hyperspectral image classification. The idea is to partition the pixels of a hyperspectral image into a number of spatial neighborhoods called contextual groups and to model each pixel with a linear combination of a few dictionary elements learned from the data. Since pixels inside a contextual group are often made up of the same materials, their linear combinations are constrained to use common elements from the dictionary. To this end, dictionary learning is carried out with a joint sparse regularizer to induce a common sparsity pattern in the sparse coefficients of each contextual group. The sparse coefficients are then used for classification using a linear SVM. Experimental results on a number of real hyperspectral images confirm the effectiveness of the proposed representation for hyperspectral image classification. Moreover, experiments with simulated multispectral data show that the proposed model is capable of finding representations that may effectively be used for classification of multispectral-resolution samples.



### Bayesian ensemble learning for image denoising
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.1374v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.1374v1)
- **Published**: 2013-08-06 18:46:18+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-06 18:46:18+00:00
- **Authors**: Hyuntaek Oh
- **Comment**: computer vision and image understanding
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Natural images are often affected by random noise and image denoising has long been a central topic in Computer Vision. Many algorithms have been introduced to remove the noise from the natural images, such as Gaussian, Wiener filtering and wavelet thresholding. However, many of these algorithms remove the fine edges and make them blur. Recently, many promising denoising algorithms have been introduced such as Non-local Means, Fields of Experts, and BM3D. In this paper, we explore Bayesian method of ensemble learning for image denoising. Ensemble methods seek to combine multiple different algorithms to retain the strengths of all methods and the weaknesses of none. Bayesian ensemble models are Non-local Means and Fields of Experts, the very successful recent algorithms. The Non-local Means presumes that the image contains an extensive amount of self-similarity. The approach of the Fields of Experts model extends traditional Markov Random Field model by learning potential functions over extended pixel neighborhoods. The two models are implemented and image denoising is performed on natural images. The experimental results obtained are used to compare with the single algorithm and discuss the ensemble learning and their approaches. Comparing to the results of Non-local Means and Fields of Experts, Ensemble learning showed improvement nearly 1dB.



