# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-08-22
### A review on handwritten character and numeral recognition for Roman, Arabic, Chinese and Indian scripts
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.4902v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.4902v1)
- **Published**: 2013-08-22 15:38:15+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-22 15:38:15+00:00
- **Authors**: Aini Najwa Azmi, Dewi Nasien, Siti Mariyam Shamsuddin
- **Comment**: 8 pages
- **Journal**: International Journal of advanced studies in Computers, Science &
  Engineering (IJASCSE), Volume 2, Issue 4, 2013
- **Summary**: There are a lot of intensive researches on handwritten character recognition (HCR) for almost past four decades. The research has been done on some of popular scripts such as Roman, Arabic, Chinese and Indian. In this paper we present a review on HCR work on the four popular scripts. We have summarized most of the published paper from 2005 to recent and also analyzed the various methods in creating a robust HCR system. We also added some future direction of research on HCR.



### A Unified Framework for Multi-Sensor HDR Video Reconstruction
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.4908v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.GR, cs.MM
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.4908v1)
- **Published**: 2013-08-22 15:58:01+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-22 15:58:01+00:00
- **Authors**: Joel Kronander, Stefan Gustavson, Gerhard Bonnet, Anders Ynnerman, Jonas Unger
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: One of the most successful approaches to modern high quality HDR-video capture is to use camera setups with multiple sensors imaging the scene through a common optical system. However, such systems pose several challenges for HDR reconstruction algorithms. Previous reconstruction techniques have considered debayering, denoising, resampling (align- ment) and exposure fusion as separate problems. In contrast, in this paper we present a unifying approach, performing HDR assembly directly from raw sensor data. Our framework includes a camera noise model adapted to HDR video and an algorithm for spatially adaptive HDR reconstruction based on fitting of local polynomial approximations to observed sensor data. The method is easy to implement and allows reconstruction to an arbitrary resolution and output mapping. We present an implementation in CUDA and show real-time performance for an experimental 4 Mpixel multi-sensor HDR video system. We further show that our algorithm has clear advantages over existing methods, both in terms of flexibility and reconstruction quality.



