# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2013-08-20
### Towards Adapting ImageNet to Reality: Scalable Domain Adaptation with Implicit Low-rank Transformations
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.4200v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**, cs.LG, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.4200v1)
- **Published**: 2013-08-20 01:07:35+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-20 01:07:35+00:00
- **Authors**: Erik Rodner, Judy Hoffman, Jeff Donahue, Trevor Darrell, Kate Saenko
- **Comment**: None
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Images seen during test time are often not from the same distribution as images used for learning. This problem, known as domain shift, occurs when training classifiers from object-centric internet image databases and trying to apply them directly to scene understanding tasks. The consequence is often severe performance degradation and is one of the major barriers for the application of classifiers in real-world systems. In this paper, we show how to learn transform-based domain adaptation classifiers in a scalable manner. The key idea is to exploit an implicit rank constraint, originated from a max-margin domain adaptation formulation, to make optimization tractable. Experiments show that the transformation between domains can be very efficiently learned from data and easily applied to new categories. This begins to bridge the gap between large-scale internet image collections and object images captured in everyday life environments.



### SAR Image Despeckling Algorithms using Stochastic Distances and Nonlocal Means
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.4338v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.IT**, cs.CV, cs.GR, math.IT, stat.AP, stat.ML
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.4338v1)
- **Published**: 2013-08-20 15:58:19+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-20 15:58:19+00:00
- **Authors**: Leonardo Torres, Alejandro C. Frery
- **Comment**: Accepted for publication in Workshop of Theses and Dissertations
  (WTD) in Conference on Graphics, Patterns, and Images (SIBGRAPI 2013). This
  paper received the first best work award in the Dissertation category at the
  WTD-SIBGRAPI
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: This paper presents two approaches for filter design based on stochastic distances for intensity speckle reduction. A window is defined around each pixel, overlapping samples are compared and only those which pass a goodness-of-fit test are used to compute the filtered value. The tests stem from stochastic divergences within the Information Theory framework. The technique is applied to intensity Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) data with homogeneous regions using the Gamma model. The first approach uses a Nagao-Matsuyama-type procedure for setting the overlapping samples, and the second uses the nonlocal method. The proposals are compared with the Improved Sigma filter and with anisotropic diffusion for speckled data (SRAD) using a protocol based on Monte Carlo simulation. Among the criteria used to quantify the quality of filters, we employ the equivalent number of looks, and line and edge preservation. Moreover, we also assessed the filters by the Universal Image Quality Index and by the Pearson correlation between edges. Applications to real images are also discussed. The proposed methods show good results.



### Influences Combination of Multi-Sensor Images on Classification Accuracy
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/1308.4440v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CV**
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1308.4440v1)
- **Published**: 2013-08-20 21:34:47+00:00
- **Updated**: 2013-08-20 21:34:47+00:00
- **Authors**: AL-Wassai Firouz, N. V. Kalyankar
- **Comment**: Available Online at http://www.ijarcs.info/ Volume 4, No. 9,
  July-August 2013
- **Journal**: International Journal of Advanced Research in Computer
  Science,Volume 4, No. 9, July-August 2013
- **Summary**: This paper focuses on two main issues; first one is the impact of combination of multi-sensor images on the supervised learning classification accuracy using segment Fusion (SF). The second issue attempts to undertake the study of supervised machine learning classification technique of remote sensing images by using four classifiers like Parallelepiped (Pp), Mahalanobis Distance (MD), Maximum-Likelihood (ML) and Euclidean Distance(ED) classifiers, and their accuracies have been evaluated on their respected classification to choose the best technique for classification of remote sensing images. QuickBird multispectral data (MS) and panchromatic data (PAN) have been used in this study to demonstrate the enhancement and accuracy assessment of fused image over the original images using ALwassaiProcess software. According to experimental result of this study, is that the test results indicate the supervised classification results of fusion image, which generated better than the MS did. As well as the result with Euclidean classifier is robust and provides better results than the other classifiers do, despite of the popular belief that the maximum-likelihood classifier is the most accurate classifier.



