# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2008-11-20
### chi2TeX Semi-automatic translation from chiwriter to LaTeX
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0811.3328v1
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.SE**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0811.3328v1)
- **Published**: 2008-11-20 12:49:12+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-11-20 12:49:12+00:00
- **Authors**: Justislav Bogevolnov
- **Comment**: 8 pages, 8 figures in Russian
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Semi-automatic translation of math-filled book from obsolete ChiWriter format to LaTeX. Is it possible? Idea of criterion whether to use automatic or hand mode for translation. Illustrations.



### Faster Retrieval with a Two-Pass Dynamic-Time-Warping Lower Bound
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0811.3301v2
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.patcog.2008.11.030
- **Categories**: **cs.DB**, cs.CV
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0811.3301v2)
- **Published**: 2008-11-20 16:22:05+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-06-10 17:37:32+00:00
- **Authors**: Daniel Lemire
- **Comment**: Accepted in Pattern Recognition on November 20th, 2008
- **Journal**: Daniel Lemire, Faster Retrieval with a Two-Pass
  Dynamic-Time-Warping Lower Bound, Pattern Recognition 42(9): 2169-2180 (2009)
- **Summary**: The Dynamic Time Warping (DTW) is a popular similarity measure between time series. The DTW fails to satisfy the triangle inequality and its computation requires quadratic time. Hence, to find closest neighbors quickly, we use bounding techniques. We can avoid most DTW computations with an inexpensive lower bound (LB Keogh). We compare LB Keogh with a tighter lower bound (LB Improved). We find that LB Improved-based search is faster. As an example, our approach is 2-3 times faster over random-walk and shape time series.



