# Arxiv Papers in cs.CV on 2008-11-12
### Necessary Conditions for Discontinuities of Multidimensional Size Functions
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0811.1868v2
- **DOI**: None
- **Categories**: **cs.CG**, cs.CV, math.AT
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0811.1868v2)
- **Published**: 2008-11-12 11:58:15+00:00
- **Updated**: 2009-08-04 13:02:47+00:00
- **Authors**: Andrea Cerri, Patrizio Frosini
- **Comment**: 23 pages, 4 figures
- **Journal**: None
- **Summary**: Some new results about multidimensional Topological Persistence are presented, proving that the discontinuity points of a k-dimensional size function are necessarily related to the pseudocritical or special values of the associated measuring function.



### The Expressive Power of Binary Submodular Functions
- **Arxiv ID**: http://arxiv.org/abs/0811.1885v1
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.dam.2009.07.001
- **Categories**: **cs.DM**, cs.AI, cs.CV, F.2.2; G.2.1; I.2.4; I.4.0; I.5.1
- **Links**: [PDF](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0811.1885v1)
- **Published**: 2008-11-12 17:21:08+00:00
- **Updated**: 2008-11-12 17:21:08+00:00
- **Authors**: Stanislav Zivny, David A. Cohen, Peter G. Jeavons
- **Comment**: 16 pages
- **Journal**: Discrete Applied Mathematics 157(15) (2009) 3347-3358
- **Summary**: It has previously been an open problem whether all Boolean submodular functions can be decomposed into a sum of binary submodular functions over a possibly larger set of variables. This problem has been considered within several different contexts in computer science, including computer vision, artificial intelligence, and pseudo-Boolean optimisation. Using a connection between the expressive power of valued constraints and certain algebraic properties of functions, we answer this question negatively.   Our results have several corollaries. First, we characterise precisely which submodular functions of arity 4 can be expressed by binary submodular functions. Next, we identify a novel class of submodular functions of arbitrary arities which can be expressed by binary submodular functions, and therefore minimised efficiently using a so-called expressibility reduction to the Min-Cut problem. More importantly, our results imply limitations on this kind of reduction and establish for the first time that it cannot be used in general to minimise arbitrary submodular functions. Finally, we refute a conjecture of Promislow and Young on the structure of the extreme rays of the cone of Boolean submodular functions.



